1 	Always supportive and positive - very good for first time HDR students!	
1 	NAME  responded to our contributions to each module in a timely MANNER, which was helpful in keeping track of progress and my understanding of each module.	
1 	NAME  was friendly, helpful and accessible which made the online nature of the unit easier. I also appreciated her cross-disciplinary knowledge and her understanding of a range of research approaches.	
0 	I received little, if any, feedback from this teacher. It took me writing an email 7 weeks in to the course to get a response, which was to forward my query on so that I would be removed from the cohort and have to do the whole course again. There was no support in the early days to ensure I knew what was required of the unit. No email to say, hey Darren, I noticed you have not made a comment of the discussion board yet. Just checking you know it is part of the requirements. When I did catch up, there was little to no feedback supplied. The unit was good, the teaching, not so much.	
0 	No comments	
1 	Prompt and helpful feedback was provided	
1 	she was giving valuable commends and feedback on time.	
1 	NAME is a fantastic asset to Deakin. She has a way of explaining dense texts in a MANNER which enables a greater understanding. She is always positive and kind and respectful to the students. Thanks NAME!	
1 	As always NAME is a delightful and engaging tutor who is able to stimulate critical and enjoyable class discussions. The classes were managed very well and it was a lovely supporting touch that she provided us with tea to create a holistic context of support in the supplementary unit to our Thesis units.	
1 	Fantastic,inspiring educator.	
1 	I cannot praise NAME enough. She was kind and thoughtful in every class and outside of it. I get the sense that NAME is one of Deakin's great minds and not once did I feel put down or discouraged because I didn't know something. She nurtured the class in our learning journey and for that, we all felt immensely comfortable. Never change, NAME, keep inspiring!	
1 	NAME  provided a great environment of learning and co-operation.	
1 	NAME  ran a great, collegiate class full of discussion.	
1 	NAME  was an excellent moderator for the class, keeping discussions on point.	
1 	NAME  was great and very generous to everyone in the class.	
1 	NAME  had a friendly, relaxed and supportive teaching style that helped me develop a stronger level of research by drawing from various disciplines. One to one meetings were highly valuable and NAME  was always happy to discuss ideas even outside of class time. I also really appreciate NAME  reading and providing feedback on draft essays before submission. Thanks for a great unit!	
1 	NAME  was very kind and helpful.	
1 	A wonderful teacher and she makes the learning and understanding easy and interesting.	
1 	NAME  did a great job and her breadth and depth of knowledge on succeeding as a freelancer was clear. She was also able to skillfully keep the (fairly large) class in order when people started getting a bit distracted (e.g. talking to each other while someone else was talking).	
1 	NAME  is very knowledgeable on the subjects and topics covered in the unit both from an professional and personal point of view. She is also very approachable.	
1 	NAME  is a very knowledgeable and personable tutor, who always responded to my queries in a timely fashion. She also made the effort to phone me early in the unit to have a more in-depth discussion about a concept I was developing - this was very valuable and much appreciated.
0	I have already given NAME  my feedback that I felt the duplicated weekly unit notes that were pasted into the discussion posts each week were more confusing than helpful.	
1 	Dr NAME 's lectures were engaging and relevant. The assessment tasks were interesting.	
0 	NAME sometimes takes a while to reply the questions in the discussion board.	
1 	Very clear, very helpful.	
1 	Mr NAME  is a kind, nice and helpful tutor and his class were not boring as it consists a lot of real life examples	
0 	There is nothing wrong with this tutor, there is a large amount wrong with this unit.	
1 	Very easy going and understanding, made it a lot less stressful when worrying about assignments or anything like that. Enjoyed it very much :)	
1 	Engaging and interactive, gives lots of helpful feedback	
1 	NAME  was amazing! She made this unit so fascinating and i absolutely loved it.	
1 	NAME  was an enthusiastic and motivated teacher this semester who encouraged the class to really delve into discussions and asks us questions that tested our knowledge whilst teaching us in a fun, positive and interesting way. She was also laid back and very easy to talk to which helped a lot given the unit.	
1 	NAME  was an excellent teacher and used time to not only present us with the content knowledge and address learning outcomes, but also encouraged the formation of our own ideas and thoughts and our own interpretation of the unit. NAME  made this unit by far my favourite one to have studied this trimester-she is a true asset to this units teaching team.	NAME  was very enthusiastic. Her tutorials were very informative. She made the content very interesting. I like that she encouraged discussion. She gave very helpful advice regarding the assignments. I enjoyed her tutorials.	
1 	She gives solid feedback	
0 	She is very thorough with her teaching and making it very interesting but i felt that we needed to still get our 10 minutes breaks in between the 2 hour class and also finish 10 minutes before at the end.	
1 	She makes the content of the unit extremely fun and engaging. Making me want to attend the class every week.	
1 	The tutor was extremely engaging and offered deeper insight into the concepts than just face-value. She encouraged the class to consider the concept's application to real situations and our reflection on them in our own time. This really furthered my understanding of the unit.	This teacher is good	
1 	she's the greatest!!	
1 	NAME  is an amazing teacher! She is very approachable and informative. She treated us like equals but also with authority. She taught the subject better in a relatable and memorable way. I have no bad words to say.	NAME  was a great teacher, very good at making things relatable for the class, enjoyed our time!	
1 	NAME  was an absolutely amazing teacher. Her tutorials were well-planned and she consistently took the time to ensure everyone felt included and supported. She created a very warm and welcoming learning environment to which I thoroughly enjoyed being part of. Her feedback was always positive and constructive. Thankyou NAME !!!	
0 	NAME  was enthusiastic about this unit and attempted to make it fun which made the unit more tolerable. In some cases I felt her marking was not consistant with what she asked for; such as telling us that two scholarly references would be sufficient for the task and when you provided 8 scholarly references she marked down for not providing enough references.Overall I found NAME  to be a great lecturer when it came to content delivery, but when defining what was required for assignments I found she was unclear and her marking  was inconsistant and contradictory.	
1 	NAME was super helpful this trimester! He always went above and beyond to help the whole class. It was great that in seminars that everything was linked back to the assignment, it made everything really clear when it came to writing.	
1 	NAME was an excellent teacher and really helped students to come out of their shells and be vocal in class	
1 	I love how Mr NAME forces us to talk to each other because sometimes its hard to do it if the teacher doesn't encourage us to be more engaging in class	
0 	I'm afraid that despide his enthusiasm, I learned not one single valuable piece of information from this unit. even with the best teachers in the world, the arbitrary vagueries put forth as education in this unit would never amount to anything that could be considered worthwhile.	
1 	This teacher is good	
1 	NAME was very helpfull and supportive of our syndicate group.  he set expectations clearly .	
1 	NAME was active on online discussion forums	
0 	I had no contact with NAME .	
0 	It would take very long to get responses, I had to email the Unit Head to get answers/clarification. Again, I think if I was face-to-face I would have had a different experience.	
1 	Mr NAME substituted for Mr NAME for about 2 weeks and I really enjoy his class because it's interactive and very visualised	
0 	Classes were extremely uninspiring, boring and slow-paced. This made class discussion almost non-existent and class presentations awkward.	
1 	Engaging teacher, made sure those who were willing to put in effort were noticed.Made the content enjoyable, and was a very approachable tutor.Feedback was good, could be betterOverall I think he's a great tutor, easy to talk to, willing to answer questions (more than once in some cases) and friendly.	
0 	NAME was very nice but sometimes I think that it's too much video that we can just watch it in my home, so more practice would be better.	
1 	NAME was very thorough in providing me with guidance and feedback so that I could complete the assessment tasks to an optimal standard.	
1 	I enjoyed some of the content that we went over in class, and found class discussions interesting. The teacher was good at getting responses from a variety of students, and didn't just talk through the whole class as some teachers do.	
0 	My tutor made a racist remark that I questioned. Basically, he taught my class that cultural appropriation is okay if you do research. This is incredibly offensive to / trivialising of minority groups, especially at a university as accepting and welcoming as Deakin. He began by performing a poem he had written from the perspective of an indigenous man, including the phrase white fella, and then proceeded to ask a class of white Australians and international students if it was offensive to aboriginals. When anyone said yes and we couldn't judge because we weren't indigenous, he shut us down.	
0 	Not very interactive, engaging. Class discussions didnâ??t really go anywhere and activities stagnated the learning rather than improving it by adding interruption and distraction to discussions that deal properly with the topics for the week	
1 	Usually, I am a very nervous and socially awkward individual and I wouldn't speak in class. Having said that, the content of this subject was so thought provoking, I felt that I needed to express my opinion on the issues and discussions that arose. I Thoroughly enjoyed the teaching style of NAME NAME , the only thing I didn't like was the group presentation task, this obviously correlating with my general nervousness but also I felt that the workload was uneven and I felt I went out of my way to try and divide the workload evenly among us. Overall, it was an enjoyable subject, Thank you Gary.	
1 	NAME was enthusiastic. Her tutorials were very interesting and enjoyable. I liked that she encouraged discussion.  She gave great advice regarding the assignments. The activities in the tutorials that she ran such as the 6 hats problem solving activity that were well organised and taught.	
1 	She is passionate in teaching. Thank you.	
1 	She was always enthusiastic and stuff even though no one else was which was good I guess	
1 	She was very helpful and kind.	
1 	NAME was a lovely person and she really helped bring me out of my shell as a student. she was very inspirational and helped a lot not only with passing the unit well but she also helped boost my self confidence.	
1 	She was very engaging and always open to give feedback. She never hesitated to help which I think is the most important factor in every teacher. Outstanding teaching.	
0 	While overall I feel dissatisfied with the unit, I don't feel that NAME is to blame for this. She was friendly, easy to approach and had experience in the field of creativity that made her knowledgable	
0 	I didn't feel as if he knew what he was talking about, he didn't seem to understand everything he was trying to teach. The feedback he gave us on assignments was brief and didn't make sense.	
1 	I have found NAME to be an unsatisfactory teacher for this unit. His feedback on my work was limited and not helpful in aiding me to achieve better scores. The activities in seminars do not help with assessment tasks, only understanding the weekly topics. Assessment tasks were rarely discussed in class, and rarely in detail. I personally attempted to contact NAME twice whilst absent, both times receiving no response. Overall, I found this teacher was not helpful in wanting or helping me to achieve the best results possible. Many students chose not to go to class for these reasons.	
0 	NAME is a great teacher and his sense of humour is awesome, but I think he needs to address assessment more frequently	
1 	NAME is fantastic at getting everybody to discuss. For those who attend and attempt to get use of this unit, he is great.	
1 	NAME was a lovely teacher and I was glad to be in his class. He made all the activities relevant to our learning and kept us engaged in the course material.	
1 	Was often unclear about the requirements of the assignments when asked questions and was often unable to give clarifications regarding the tasks provided.	
0 	When asking for help in an acitivty that none of the seminar group understood, the teacher only responded with the same illogical answer, even after it was direct stated it wasnt making sense and needed more clarification	
0 	Yes, he was a good teacher, however I thought he did favour those in the class who were studying Professional/Creative Writing. ( I am studying COURSE). There wasn't much 'reading' with majority of the readings were ted talks. Nor was there much discussion of the readings.
 	I struggled to find theorists to source and expand my ideas, and not many theorist were provided in the readings. Overall I enjoyed to the topics of discussion and working in a group environment.	
1 	Dr NAME  lectures were engaging and enjoyable. The comments Dr NAME provided on my assessments are among some of the most thoughtful, thorough and considered I've ever received, and I feel very grateful for the efforts she made in this regard.	
1 	Due to the nature of the unit, NAME provided the correct level of guidance and understanding when needed without spoon feeding the students. I enjoyed that fact that she was approachable  and I enjoyed her ability to keep the conversation flowing.	
1 	I attended to Ms. NAME NAME classroom sessions. She possessed an excellent know-how of the subject. Her teachings were commendable.	
0 	I didn't feel as if there was enough connection made to what she was teaching us and the assessment items. Everything in the lectures lacked clarity and it didn't make sense as to how any of the content was going to help us with our course.	
0 	I didn't have much contact with her.  As an online student I had no lectures to watch and not much encouragement in online participation. I am not satisfied because I have no idea what kind of teacher she is.	
1 	I have found this unit to be a fascinating one that I have enjoyed engaging with.	
0 	My feedback isn't related to the teacher, my feedback is related to the topic itself - I don't believe it was clear when going through seminars as an online student. If i was a face-to-face student, I think my experience would differ.	
1 	NAME did respond to any questions on the online discussion forum.	
1 	NAME is a wonderful teacher and her efforts in UNIT were reflected similarly to when I first had her as a tutor in UNIT in T1, 2017.	
1 	NAME is an excellent teacher and is very skilled in conveying complex information in manner that is both entertaining and easy to absorb/understand. I was also very impressed by NAME responsiveness to queries both on the online discussion boards and via email.	
1 	NAME was enthusiastic. Her lectures were interesting and very enjoyable. She gave great advice regarding the assignments.	
1 	NAME was very approachable and helpful.	
1 	NAME input was always thoughtful, considered and insightful, but I feel as though this unit needs a more structured learning experience.  There was next-to-no correlation between what an on campus student would receive in a seminar and what cloud students receive in the cloud, which was essentially self directed learning aside from the 3 classes.  Carrying on with the idea of the short vlog idea would have been helpful I think.  I did truly appreciate all discussion responses and loved the thoughts provoked about creativity in this unit, thank you.	
0 	Terribly designed and run unit. Information difficult to find. Unclear assignment information. All around awful.	
1 	Thank you	
0 	Although his teaching style had good intentions, I felt his seminar was a waste of time. Long portions of the class was spent doing tedious activities which I did not see better my learning. There were also instances of this tutor not being aware or sensitive of his students psychological or health problems, which caused some students distress as they were not noted during certain activities which students had to make up (But the tutor approved of for some reason) such as being crowded into an elevator (anxiety issues arose) or climbing flights or stairs in the cold (asthma problems).	
1 	Given the vague nature of the unit, NAME has made the best possible effort to teach and engage the students. He is an excellent teacher that was unfortunately given sub-par material to work with.	
1 	He did his best with the all that he was given	
0 	NAME kept the seminar open to encourage class discussions, and tried to make the seminar engaging, but seemed to struggle with the broad nature of the unit.	
0 	NAME was unfamiliar with the syllabus and I'm fairly certain he hadn't even watched the 3 lectures. NAME needs to draw from the resources ie readings more to build a slojd lesson instead of having us do exercises that do not have a clearly defined goal or are not toed back to a learning outcome. He'd have us fo stuff but never link it back to anything to do with the course. He was good at geberating the group discussions, but thos unit sorely needs more education to engage interest. Didcuss some of the resdings, mention the goal of your exercises.	
1 	Good teacher	
1	The teaching was very open and allowed discussion and one on one work which was very helpful with my assignments.	
0 	This tutor never replied to numerous emails sent by myself and other students	
0 	NAME presented interesting material well and confidently.  he  asked relevant questions to generate group discussion & grasp concepts we needed to know.  Disability Support  help me manage  my limited study.NAME made an insensitive and completely unwarranted comment and went on to penalise me for not having work finished on time.Merrin @ WPonds  quickly resolved the NAME er.I requested that NAME have no further input in assessing my assignments - which is in place.simon's teaching abilities are strong.  some education in showing respect for others would make him an excellent lecturer.	
0 	Feedback regarding assignments were not clear or written in correct English. Assignment questions were not answered appropriately. Classes lacked energy.	
1 	He is well updated with the subject knowledge. Commendable Tutor.	
1 	His lectures are very clear, and I love my class very much	
1 	I liked Wilfred's interactive way of teaching. He used terms in a way that students could understand - and used examples and videos to help demonstrate his concept and ideas. I sometimes struggled to understand his accent, but that is a personal issue. He was very responsive and quick to answer emails.	
0 	Not clear and spoke way too fast, especially for someone like me who has auditory processing disorder. Class was overall not interesting and didn't really make any sense to myself and my friends who took the class. Assignments weren't explained well, i depended on the online resources and reading materials a lot more than the tutor.	
0 	Seminars are a little bit boring. Nice and passionate teacher but needs to have more of a focus on feedback to students. I received one sentence feedback on my assignments and didn't know what to change or what to improve.	
0 	Was engaging but was never very physically interactive and was always verbal with his teaching	
1 	NAME always ensured time was provided to assist individual students with overcoming obstacles without handing them an answer. She encouraged us along the right path and offered constructive and calculated suggestions. Her teaching methods allowed the class' understanding of the unit material to be furthered, offering practical and real-life examples of implementation, tailored directly towards each student's desired career outcomes. She definitely furthered my understanding of this crucial unit and allowed me to reflect on my strategy for receiving employment in the future.	
1 	NAME was enthusiastic and always available to answer questions and provide feedback where needed. I enjoyed her teaching style as it was very practical and she gave great examples for how the principles learnt can be applied to real life.	
0 	NAME was fast to respond to any queries I had about the unit. I found the assignment sheets incredibly stressful and overcrowded with unnecessary information. This is why I and many of my fellow students had so many questions for Alison. I found her responses to be unfortunately very similar to the complicated assignment sheets and not 'directly' communicated. For example, when asked about the mentioned bibliography in Assignment 3B, she answered, And, yes, any references you include to go in a reference list. Or bibliography, if you prefer. I found this unit unnecessarily stressful.	
1 	Allison is an incredible teacher and one of the most crucial resources to my course. She does everything she can to help students cope while simultaneously challenging them and their expectations of themselves.	
1 	Always provided valuable feedback on work and helped me to achieve the unit outcomes. Approachable and answers questions well. Made the classroom a very positive learning environment for everyone.	
1 	NAME was extremely kind and patient in ensuring his students understood what each task required.	
1 	NAME was nice and his feedback was helpful.	
1 	He is very serious lectures, ideas are very clear, I like his class.	
0 	I felt that the instructions for our assignments weren't always clear and that there wasn't much of an atmosphere in the classroom. More enthusiasm would have made the classes more enjoyable.	
1 	NAME NAME is an example of a great art tutor. As an artist herself, she's able to share her knowledge and experiences through multiple in-class sessions that leave me understand the whole unit lesson. She's, really, a great person!	
1 	NAME guided us through the course well. I was very satisfied with her teaching style.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher who not only knew her subject NAME er but was obviously interested in it too.  She had a lot of relevant real world experience as a freelancer so I was confident i was being taught factual and practical material beyond what was in the texts.  She was clear with her messages and requirements and answered all questions to my satisfaction. 10/10.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher. Her methods of teaching are effective and she is very knowledgeable and relatable. Throughout the duration of the unit, she provided helpful feedback and guidance.	
1 	NAME was very insightful and helpful with constructive criticism.	
1 	NAME was very passionate and I found her industry experience to be very helpful for my own freelancing.	
1 	she is very nice teacher	
1 	Despite my clear distaste for the unit, I've no criticisms for NAME teaching. She clearly understood the unit and its material, and found no difficulty in delivering this to the students.	
0 	Especially during the final assessment I was unable to get a concrete answer as to what was expected and how much of the material provided was to be taken as gospel and how much was malleable to our artistic vision. If the teacher is unable to succinctly explain what is expected of their students, completing tasks to a rubric becomes very difficult.  Additionally I found the professors common reference to teaching at prestigious institutions to be off putting. Students will respect the expertise of their teacher but will invariably resent appeals to prestige as a mode of confidence generation.	
0 	I believe NAME did the best she could with what she was given, but the unit itself was so disorganised and unclear.	
0 	I generally found NAME teaching to be exemplary in that she was enthusiastic; knew the material ; and really engaged with her students. However, while I do understand her motive in explaining things thoroughly and repetitively so as to ensure the entire class hears the message, I did feel like a lot of my time got wasted re-explaining things I'd already heard or understood. Perhaps, organising meetings outside of class for people who miss info or are really having trouble understanding something; rather than spend lesson time catering to people who aren't focused in the first place.	
1 	NAME brought humour and energy to the room, reminding us many times that we had responsibilities and had to make them happen. I loved her style, there was no room for nonsense and she held students accountable. It was clear that if you worked hard she was on your side and she delivered the learnings with a great attitude and strong industry knowledge. I thoroughly enjoyed learning from her. Thank you ShaNAME  for your understanding in times of trouble, for your knowledge and your energy.	
1 	NAME did an excellent job teaching us how to 'pitch' ourselves successfully. She taught us to talk about ourselves as professionals, not as students. This was incredibly valuable. She appears to be very passionate about what she teaches.	
1 	NAME provided the class with high energy and enthusiasm. She has rich experience in the creative arts industry which gave everyone a certain perspective. NAME was also open and honest with the class, which I am sure many of my peers think help us, particularly with feedback.	
0 	NAME talked way too much during seminar time, it would be helpful to have more work time and less listening	
0 	NAME very much brought out the intricacies (that led to understanding) of the unit. She helped bring an understanding to the vague material. Her forming of slides to work alongside the material was very helpful	
1 	NAME was enthusiastic and approachable when I wanted to ask for advice. She made the unit and assignments interesting. I enjoyed her tutorials. She explained the assignments in a way which made it easy to understand. She was encouraging and gave great advice when I asked questions about the assignments. I also liked that she encouraged us to participate in discussion; to get us out of our comfort zones.	
1 	NAME was great at aiding students with any queries that they had. Her humour and knowledge made the class a comfortable and inviting space, which is important as this unit comprises of three oral presentations.	
1 	NAME went above and beyond to make sure that we learnt what we needed.	
0 	Sometimes the tasks weren't clearly identified. I liked how she talked about the real world and helped prepare us for it.	
1 	Fantastic teacher and engages great discussion with students.	
0 	We had three different staff members take the unit so I'm not exactly sure who were the other two.	
0 	I appreciated the way NAME included online students in the unit,  through weekly podcast and powerpoints.  I felt a disconnect between myself and John.  I didn't understand what was expected of me, particularly in the first assignment however he was very helpful in his notes to steer me in the right direction for my second one.	
0 	NAME was extremely lazy and incompetent. He should NOT be running an online unit as he has zero idea. Last year he posted all the content at least 4 weeks late and I withdrew from the unit hoping for a better outcome. This year he was just as lazy and unhelpful.Marks for assignment one were only delivered in the middle of week 10 almost 6 weeks after submission. Lazy lazy lazy. Unforgivably lazy,	
0 	Too much information was provided and not enough summarising of facts and information.	
0 	Unable to judge as I dropped this unit for personal reasons.	
1 	Very happy with the teacher	
1 	Amazing lecturer. His past experience is very helpful when we have discussions during class. Always approachable and nice, giving good feedback and clear answers to questions about assignments or any ethical codes.	
1 	Great teacher and an even better person	
1 	NAME was a good teacher in tutorials.	
1 	NAME was a great tutor. Knowledgable, fair and interesting - it was great to be able to have a reassuring tutor in a subject which definitely causes some nerves for students.	
0 	NAME was great, knowledgeable and engaging.The overall learning experience was hindered by external factors, seminars missed and assignment feedback delayed by both technical error as well as personnel issues.	
0 	NAME was the unit chair of the unit, but I ultimately learned from my mentor during my internship, in which I learned plenty	
0 	Wasn't communicative throughout the unit period.	
1 	NAME has been a great supervisor. Always able to meet with me and replies promptly with any assignment questions.	
1 	NAME has been amazing in my internship unit. He is always available to meet up and discuss my learning at K rock. Very intelligent teacher and makes this subject worth it!	
1 	I'm really happy to be a student of NAME Monaghan. He is a great tutor, wonderful person and always ready to help. I'm extremely glad i have had him as my teacher, it's been a fantastic experience! I've learnt so much.	
1 	NAME has been a great resource and I was happy to have a sit-down chat with him at the beginning of the semester about what my internship plans were.	
1 	NAME gave me good advice as I requested it but sometimes a bit slow responding - though I do understand he has many students and internships are different kind of 'teaching' and are meant to be very student directed.Was very helpful in providing valuable direction to me when I first set out to do the unit, and i always felt he was available to support and advise if any real problems arose. Also pushed me when required to step out of my comfort zone - I appreciated the push!	
1 	A very good teacher who explains a complicated subject such as law with such finesse and gumption.	
1 	Classes were good, they complimented the weekly summaries and allowed for discussion of topics and clarification of key points. Time in case was set aside for us to discuss and understand our approaches to assessment tasks.	
0 	I didn't really have much interaction aside from a few comments on the discussion board.	
1 	I loved the teachers method of teaching, specifically to international students and all students in general in the class where he emphasized how to write an essay: raise the issue, discuss the issue and support it with relevant sources. As an international student with a different way of writing, I found this method to be helpful in writing essays and reports, which I transferred to other units as well.	
0 	While NAME was very responsive to email queries (which is vital for distance students) the quality of information provided each week was poor and difficult to understand. I also felt that the second assessment didnâ??t contribute to learning	
1	 he is very calm lecturer who knows his subject very well, he is very helpful to me and gives good advice on how to do assignments, NAME NAME is truly one of my favorite lecturers at Deakin, he understands the plight of international students and gives proper support so we are not left behind.	
1 	I enjoyed have class with NAME , and think her feedback was always very helpful	
0 	I feel that the composition class is too long. I'd say 30-60 minutes is max. I personally think that doing this class wasn't give me knowledge about new techniques. It would be best to change this 2-hour class into some technique class or anything that involve learning new techniques.	More definitive answer, instruction and guidlines would have been appreciated	
1 	NAME classes provided new information and movement pathways for me to develop, with a myriad of dance influences, very enjoyable classes.	
1 	Enjoyed the technique classes.	
1 	Good classes which helped develop our solo and group works. Quicker feedback on assessment would be good.	
1 	I feel so blessed to have been taught by Olivia! Thank-you for the way you believed in me and encouraged me. Your feedback in class is always so valuable. I just really value your expertise and your delivery of it! Fantastic teaching!	
0 	I think this course did really well to include so many learning outcomes in such a short frame of time. However it would be beneficial If there was a dance theory unit seperate from this module. The dance Technique classes taught by NAME are exceptional.	
1 	NAME is a very thorough teacher, she takes time to help her student understand what is it and i really appreciate learning from her and her work.	
1 	NAME provides good, well rounded information. Technique classes provide a good variety of material to improve skill and strength as dancers.  She provides good constructive feedback to students.	
1 	Olivia's teaching style was detailed informative and so comprehensive it enabled me to learn and process and develop dance practices within my body, and supported my theoretical learning for creative dance, dance as an art form, and the importance of the arts within socio/political economies. I only wish I could have stayed on for the creative arts production and analysis class- these were absolutely amazing works of choreography by NAME and NAME and represented the essence and importance of Dance at Deakin within the Australian industry.	
1 	Under the highly experienced and trained eye of NAME I found this unit to be challenging, satisfying, enjoyable. The structure of the dance technique classes is clear. Information and feedback is conveyed in a timely MANNER because NAME assesses what each individual student needs in order to progress in their learning. I felt supported and encouraged by NAME the learning environment is not competitive. Overall this class has been crucial in my development of contemporary technique and I value the method that NAME uses in the classroom.	
1 	NAME is a helpful guiding teacher who provides genuine and useful feedback towards her students. She is very clear and insightful with the information she provides students.  She made the outcome and work ethic needed for a successful production quite clear for the beginning.	
1 	NAME is patient, clear, and passionate. The way information is conveyed is precise. The expectations she places on the students are high and this creates a high standard of work in the studio.	
1 	NAME provided dance lesson that went above and beyond what they needed to to help us not only do well but to understand effectively.	
1 	extremely happy with NAME it's an honor to be in her production, and she's a brilliant teacher & choreographer.	
0 	NAME  is an extremely intelligent teacher, but I think too much of an academic and vague for this unit. very unspecific, spoke philosophically and ambiguous.. NAME 's feedback (when given) was constructive, but infrequent.	
1 	NAME is a helpful, considerate, thoughtful and passionate teacher. he was always available for support, advice, and provides constructive feedback.	
1 	Excellent supportive and professional leadership. Patient and careful in explanations and advise.	
1 	Excellent professional leadership	
1 	Great to get along with	
1 	He was very helpful in giving us tips and improvements we could make on our work.	
1 	Good teaching, good response to email. Despite showing one awful film. I mean, come on. But other than that was a really good tutor. Helpful and wanted us all to succeed.	
1 	Great Teacher, incredibly knowledgeable and a good sense of humor	
1 	NAME was always willing to help and give feedback, and always made the seminar engaging.	
0 	NAME has proven to be a decent enough teacher for this unit, however it'd be better if instead of playing a short film at the start of every class and keeping us back late. Just begin the lesson, I feel bad for leaving at the end of the class but NAME is still going on, I don't want to feel like I'm missing out on valuable information because I have to leave class as soon as it finishes for other classes. NAME just needs to learn not to drone on so much.	Mr. NAME NAME is a very friendly Tutor. He knows the subject very well.	NAME is fantastic at teaching this unit. My main qualms with this unit come from its asinine assessments and tedious analysis of sequences	
1 	NAME was always open to questions, and was informative.	
0 	NAME was well spoken and I enjoyed her teaching however i did not receive a NAME nor any feedback for a class task we did in regards to the Truman Show movie which was part of assessment 1. I also have not received any NAME for assessment 2 which I understand there is a lot of cNAME marking involved but I would have both appreciated and benefitted from feedback. Overall, The class itself was enjoyable and the learning content was interesting.	
1 	She was very supportive.	
1 	she was honestly so amazing. so supportive	
1 	Easy going and very supportive	
0 	NAME was, for the most part, a very good teacher.  Her responses to questions and general guidance was valuable.  However, I did have some issues with her availability - she does not check the discussion board on a daily basis, and requested people e-mail her for urgent things (this was also the case with Simon).  I did not think this was appropriate for either of them in a Cloud subject where students rely so heavily on electronic communication, it's also .  Her Discussion board responses also often contained spelling an grammar errors, which was frustrating to see at a University level.	
0 	I felt that I wasn't learning what I needed to learn in a lot of the classes, so by the time we had to film our documentary I didn't know much about documentary structures and techniques regarding interviewing a subject. Most of what I did learn about documentaries was through watching them in my own time.	
1 	I was given only positive feedback on assessment one, I would have also liked to have known what I could have done better to achieve a higher result.	
1 	NAME does a great job in helping students during the production of their documentaries. Her feedback is valuable and ultimately led to the submission of a better project	
1 	NAME is a good teacher. She's friendly and always willing to help if you need it, giving useful and constructive feedback.	
1 	NAME is a very patient, interesting and active mentor at Deakin, from my experience in this class. I enjoyed turning up to class, and I thought NAME was a fantastic teacher for this unit!	
1 	NAME provides resources to help achieve the outcomes and gain a better understanding of documentary	
0 	She is useless, no help when asked questions, and has no idea about anything to do with Deakin or AVID. The classes were so unstructured and rambling	
0 	I was totally unsatisfied by both the attitude and the competency of NAME with a lot of her comments bordering verbal harassment coinciding with clear biases towards specific students, and a lack of knowledge in her specified unit; heavily relying on her assistant for knowledge. I found myself correcting her on multiple occasions, often leading to her making (what I found to be offensive) comments directed at me until her assistant intervened, backing my statements, and agreeing that I was correct on the NAME er being disputed. For this reason I am unsatisfied with her teaching.	
1 	NAME makes sure you know what you need to, and is a very effective teacher.	
1 	She knows what she's doing, this class although difficult is taught well	
1 	NAME is a fantastic tutor/lecturer. Her depth of knowledge of film is expressed in a vast articulate language that I admire. It is obvious that NAME is fluent in film language and concepts and her teaching style suits well to my learning. She keeps classes interesting and yeah its great	
1 	NAME is fantastic. She ensured that I was able to understand any queries or questions I had with the unit and she gives very insightful commentary to the works and topics we discuss, she also gives wonderful feedback.	
1 	NAME is the bomb.	
1 	NAME was great throughout for both a lecturer and a seminar leader. She  was always  on top of everything and helped however she could.	
1 	I think that NAME does a fantastic job with her lectures and tutorials.	
1 	She was good at explaining the concepts in a simple and eloquent way	
1 	The teaching in this unit was very good as the topics were discussed in great depth in the lectures, lots of materials were provided and when enough time was provided outside of weekly presentations, the films in the screenings were discussed very well and in good detail.	
1 	As a student who does neither Psychology or Film, having NAME as my teacher was a blessing. She really knows exactly what she's talking about and is happy to answer all of my stupid questions and explain certain terms in depth. She was very kind and patient and really encouraging which is the reason I've done so well and fallen in love with Psychoanalysis in film.	
1 	I have absolutely loved my time with NAME she is very enthusiastic and it makes me more enthusiastic about the class. She has always had time for any questions I have had and I have appreciated this.	
1 	NAME is always such a joy to have as a teacher. She helped me understand concepts with the limited seminar time we had.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher in this unit as she is clearly passionate about what she is talking about and not only provides students with information but she makes the students use their own brains and use what they learn in the classroom.	
1 	Very passionate about her stuff	
0 	Extremely disorganised (if anything, NAME will need an assistant in the next teaching period) Would blame students for not following the unit guide that HE clearly wrote Has an artistic eye for visual composition	
0 	DOP and Lighting workshops seemed haphazard and unorganised.	
0 	He is extremely scatter brained. He takes up to much of our time repeating the same information that we have all already heard and is also easily accessible on the cloud. He would waste almost entirely scheduled classes waffling on instead of doing what we are meant to be doing. I lost a lot of motivation for anything he was directly involved with.	He was extremely unclear and disorganised throughout the unit.	
0 	I never don´t understand his feedback or how he grades our assessment. His teaching is hard to understand he´s all over the place. He even makes a simple thing to explain, really difficult. A lot of us students gets easily confused in his units.	
1 	NAME has done a good job teaching in the unit, some issues occurred due to a lack of communication between NAME and other staff involved such as Laurie Meade. But overall teaching was good throughout the trimester.	
0 	NAME seems to have little understanding of anything that goes on around him. He is rude, and pompously talks down to students as if he knows everything and they know nothing. Thankfully my contact with him throughout the trimester was limited.	
0 	NAME taught to the best of his ability and what the course allowed him to do, however the unit is so poorly structured that any meaningful teachings from NAME were lost.	
0 	NAME was unorganised through out the whole trimester. Sending emails on due dates and special requirements the morning of when they were due. Not conveying what was needed for each assessment in a coherent and clear way.	
0 	NAME was very helpful in this unit although i found he was unavailable most of the time if students had a query. He often changed meeting times and was hard to pin down. Some of the meetings we eventually did have with him were often rushed and he cut them short.	
0 	While NAME is a kind and enthusiastic teacher, his ability to manage this unit is atrocious. The expectations for students with a significant lack of direction as well as extreme lack of communication makes it extremely difficult to work to the best of our ability in this unit. As an example, students received the official guidelines for an assessment task the morning of an assessment task. This was dealt with by several students with complaints, but the uncertainty of the entire unit needs to be ironed out before next year.	
1 	NAME is a great teacher, well educated on the subject and has a vast knowledge on film production. I don't have a problem with her as a teacher, merely the unit itself and how unorganised it was.	
1 	NAME is the saving grace of this unit. I was lucky enough to have her as the supervisor for my group and she was always exceptional with communication and her feedback was constructive and I feel without her our film and our grades in this unit would have suffered. NAME is an exceptional teacher and mentor.	
1 	NAME provides good feedback during our meetings and have guided us well	
0 	NAME sources of feedback could have been a lot stronger	
1 	NAME was amazing as my team's supervisor as well as the staff member dealing with the producers. She shared extremely valuable information in an interesting way. She is no nonsense, very straightforward. She treated our time as as valuable as hers so she rarely wasted it.	
1 	NAME was available to us when we needed her, and was clear with what she expected from our team to achieve. She was extremely encouraging and made the unit make more sense overall.	
1 	NAME was incredibly supportive throughout the entire Trimester. She offered valuable feedback to my team every step of the way, and guided us through the production process sternly and fairly. 10/10	
1 	NAME was really great, and helpful in offering advice. Her knowledge was very high. During the pre-production stage NAME was asking us questions that helped us plan better.	
0 	NAME was vague about our work, and what she required from us and then was really hard on us in assessment. More importantly, her feedback on our film was minimal and also vague	
0 	We at times had little contact with Liz, as she was sick and then went overseas	
0 	NAME  didn't really teach much throughout the unit so it was hard to judge.	
0 	The course lacked structure. not enough info was given about assignments. different due dates were given on different sources. no organisation at all. And no recorded lectures?	
0 	There was little contact with NAME  as she was not a lecturer nor tutor in this subject, however, whenever a question was asked in class about assignments etc. we were told it would have to be followed up with NAME . Questions asked to NAME  on the cloud discussion forum went unanswered and when answered were still vague. Some people were told to ask NAME instead, who then went and asked NAME  anyway.	Very passionate about the subject which helped me.	
0 	.....................That's practically how all classes went; just one big awkward silence. This is very counter productive as there is no discussion, just the same three questions every week. There is no slides or summaries based on the lectures to go through. And the presentations are poorly moderated. Some solo presentations were going for 30 mins with no repercussions. The marking of the presentations were inconstant. If there were a slideshow in every class, discussions will increase.	
0 	During class we didn't have much time to talk about anything that happened in the lecture which resulted in people not going to the lecture, as they seemed unnecessary. In turn the 5 minutes when we actually talked about the lecture became obsolete as no one had actually seen the movie we were supposed to have watched. I understand that NAME was frustrated, but she didn't handle this well in class and the class turned into an awkward staring match where no one said anything.	
0 	Her classes weren't overly helpful as she relied solely on the class to start conversations, although this was not supported by the class as few watched the films and less wanted to speak up. I feel as though if she provided her own material and had more time to discuss the films we watched in the lecture the classes would have felt more balanced and been more beneficial in our learning.Ensuring the student presentation ran on time would of helped this and made the assessment fair as some people presented for nearly double the allotted time with no apparent consequences.	
0 	I felt that we weren't taught anything extra in the classes, instead they were run as discussion groups that lack participation from students or drive from the tutor. This felt like a huge waist of time as i had other things that would have been more useful with that time, but at the classes were mandatory i felt obliged to attend. Also the assignments resources were missing, the only place they were outlined were in the unit guide or in class and iff you missed a class it would have significantly impeded on you quality of assignment. There should be a solid outline given online and in class.	
1 	I really liked having NAME as a teacher, she was engaging, she helped me with assignments and responded quite quickly to my emails	
0 	It seemed like the structure of the unit was against you. It didn't appear that there was much in the way of support for you and running the tutes. On top of this, the class that you had on Tuesday morning was full of students who apparently needed everything handed to them and didn't take any responsibility for their own learning. I've never been in a tutorial that has been so reluctant to talk about the subject they were doing. Especially in a 3rd year subject.	
0 	Most classes involved no preparation at all. NAME relied on people presenting assignments to fill the classes, and once the assignments were finished she would monotonously ask people what they thought of the movie we watched the day before. Classes would regularly finish 25-35 minutes early because of this.	NAME was always helpful and friendly. She provided good positive feedback on in class presentations also. The only issue was when we didn't have presentations and were left to discuss the week's film screening she didn't really know how to engage with us. Often we just sat in silence waiting for someone to speak and she would just ask what we thought of the film. As a student I come into classes to learn so I would have preferred if she shared her academic judgement in addition to class discussion. Otherwise it makes the tutorials redundant because we already discussed the film in the lecture	
1 	NAME was very insightful and enjoyable to learn from!	
0 	Only criticism I have of NAME is that she was timid, and often seemed unable to control people in the class that were being rude or offensive to other students. I think that she was a great teacher and really knew what she was talking about. Just lacked a lot of confidence. Responds quickly to emails. Gives good feed back during class.	
1 	She was very helpful and willing to go above and beyond to make sure I could achieve the highest results and marks with both assignments. Best tutor I think I've ever had! Happy to read through drafts of essays to give me feedback so I could work on it before submitting it.	lovely, flexible and a great help.	
0 	Obviously has a deep and meaningful knowledge of Australian film, but he doesn't share it in an engaging MANNER. The Slides don't always link to the film we watch and the discussion doesn't carry over to the classes.	
1 	Put a lot of effort into the lectures which I appreciated.	
1 	NAME was a good lecturer, he knew what he was talking about. I like that he incorporates film clips and music videos into the lectures	
0 	NAME was a nice guy but the lectures often left me frustrated and most of the time I chose to stay home to watch the films rather than come into class. On multiple occasions NAME didn't know how to use the computer effectively, sometimes not full screening videos and on one occasion hitting the same link to a youtube clip multiple times before realising it was already open, but he then didnt close the tabs, letting the video play in 4 or 5 tabs at once with overlapping audio. He also read directly from print offs of the slides, not making eyecontact or engaging with students. Not good :(	
0 	NAME would read straight from the computer, word for word from his notes. He droned on in the same tone of voice for every lecture. Not engaging in the slightest.	
0 	NAME lectures were full of information relating to Australian Cinema but they were presented in such a way that it was difficult to keep concentration and understand his information. His presentations were mainly him reading off the presentation he was presenting and were presented as big blocks of white text which were difficult to read. The presentations lacked all creativity and were presented in a way in which we are taught never to present as it doesn't hold the viewers interest. Also most of the information he presented weren't directly applicable to the film we watched that week.	
1 	While I wasn't able to attend all of NAME lectures due to timetable clashes the few I did were quite interesting. He clearly came prepared and essentially just read out his prepared notes - which is kind of pointless but easier than reading them for yourself. Would have been good if they had made the recordings available of the lectures I missed.	
1 	NAME is the most perfect teacher I could have asked for in a TV production subject. Her knowledge is absolutely second to none, she is so intelligent and she sincerely wants her students to learn and do well.  She also takes time out of her day to make introductions and point you to places to get more experience and achieve your goals.  She is an asset to Deakin University.	
1 	NAME was extremely helpful and patient with working with the students. He gave clear instructions to the assessment and clearly mapped out a guide to complete the tasks well.	
1 	He is very serious lectures, ideas are very clear, I like his class	
1 	I like his style of teaching.	
1 	NAME was good at teaching this unit, but it would have been slightly helpful if he was clearer in explaining his instructions.	
1	He is very serious about the lectures, and I have learned a lot from his class	
1 	Very good class interaction and shows tutorials with given detail and overall provides a really good insight on the work we need to do and making sure all students are on the same page.	
0 	Feedback I received on my assessments was vague and unhelpful. When approaching the teacher in class I felt as though I was being looked down upon and unheard. Also, marking was incredibly harsh considering this is a year 1 unit and with little context as to how we went wrong rather than copying and pasting the rubric information.	
1 	Highly engaging and knowledgeable, great teacher	
1 	NAME was excellent in terms of explanations in class, teaching in class, email response, feedback and after class availability. I was very out of my depth and she guided me through and so was able to improve along the way.	
0 	More feedback of work in classes would be good. Feedback that we can actually work on. Not quite outgoing enough in classes, need more discussion and explaining of what we are learning.	
1 	Very helpful and made sure you understood the directions that were needed for learning InDesign. Provided good feedback in class for areas to improve or enhance.	
1 	NAME is great. She understands what the industry needs and although this is only an elective for me, knowing what the industry needs is important for other students. She has a keen eye on details and her feedbacks are always helpful.	
1 	NAME was really nice, such as i liked her teaching so much. And i was able to learn so much from her. Once again thanks for all your help.	
0 	She provided detailed feedback ,but IDK why she didn't reply discussion message and email.	
1 	Sometimes a bit too rushed, but I loved the amount knowledge taught. Indesign now makes total sense	
1 	Very knowledged in the area and could offer me as an experienced student a tougher challenge. She is just superb!	
0	While I have no problem with NAME as a teacher, the lack of feedback and communication was something that I noticed a lot in this unit. The amount of time for feedback between assignments were a hindrance - giving very little time to take on the constructive feedback. For instance, the results for assignment 1 were received 2 hours before assignment 2 were due. In addition to this, whilst I rarely used the Facebook page created for my class, I did notice during my visits that NAME was very selective with who she responded to -  some seemed prioritized while others seemed ignored.	
1 	I enjoyed the in-class work we did and the ability to talk one on one with Nicole. This was very helpful when it came to my assignments.	
0 	NAME was the worst teacher I have ever EVER had. She degraded students in her class and constantly told students if they couldn't keep up they will just have to do it later. She is the worst teacher I have ever had.	
1 	i appreciate that NAME taught in a very constructive way that would help individuals looking to go into the design industry but i think it would be important to consider that for some people this was an elective and therefore may not have the same sort of experience at hand.	
1 	NAME has a presence in the room which makes everybody smile and enjoy the class! Even throughout this incredibly stressful, contradictory last half of the unit (for everyone)	
1 	NAME wants all his students to at least know one thing and/or gained one skill from this particular unit at the end of Week 11. He guides all of us slowly and sure because he knows every student is different. He is a very nice teacher to work with. He answers all of our questions and elaborates everything clearly.	
1 	NAME was great at being able to explain the criteria of the unit and the current assignment and help anyone with any part they were stuck on. He was friendly, engaging and someone that i felt like i could easily approach if i had any questions about the assignments or the unit	
1 	Engaging and cares about his students, always individual help in achieving our best	
1 	He is a fantastic tutor with lots of energy and effort, who Is patiently assist his students all the time.	
1 	He understands his students and helps them through the difficulties. Easy to talk to and easy to reach when we have questions about the assignment.	
1 	I enjoyed NAME teaching approach, although it was different to other classes, in the long run the completion of the unit helped me understand the depth of working within an Aboriginal environment and certain aspects of respects that need to be made. Overall NAME was great with his feedback for each assignment which allowed me to complete my assignments of a good standard1	
1 	Always explained very thoroughly. Gave us lot of freedom too to explore our own creativity	
0 	I think he held it against me that I didn't turn up to class but truth is, I struggle from general and social anxiety and wasn't comfortable with attendance. He assumed that I wasn't in his class even though we had been emailing in the past and I'm still waiting on my second and third assignment results, even though it's been 6 days since my friend got her third assignment results back.	
1 	NAME is just a very cool guy. He's able to communicate with us in a way that I feel like I can relate to him. Plus that one day he took us to Birrrarrung Marr in a field trip. That's a really a new experience for me as I'm an international student that just got in to the country for like 3 months ago. With his experiences and work ethics, he's really an amazing tutor.	
1 	NAME has been an excellent tutor and mentor for this unit and her expertise in the subject do show.	
1 	NAME is a great teacher we are lucky to have her.	
1 	I always get along with Maria, her teaching methods are effective and she takes the time to see each student individually which personally helps me with getting work in on time and of a high standard.	
1 	NAME is a fantastic, upbeat teacher with a huge amount of knowledge about the subject. She was always so helpful with providing constructive feedback and sharing wisdom about the subject of branding design. I really enjoyed having NAME as a teacher!	
1 	NAME is a nice teacher. She replies to our emails very quickly, gives criticisms and opinions in a very friendly way and appreciates every work the students have done, which helped the students to improve their skill.	
1 	NAME is extremely helpful! She was my Unit Chair for ACG208 and held one of my seminars for this unit. During this whole trimester, NAME greatly assisted me and responded to all my emails in a very timely MANNER. She is extremely knowledgeable, personable and willing to share information without hesitation. She goes to great lengths to help and teach her students. She is a great asset to have for Deakin University.	
1 	NAME was excellent ! fun to talk with, very knowledgeable about design and able to help and push anyone at any skill level to go further. I found myself being unsatisfied with just doing the work that was required and wanted to come in each week with something better to show (whether i was able to or not) Her work ethic and way of looking at design is something that i really respected and was a strong motivator to try harder with my uni work.	
1 	NAME was excellent in what she taught and gave clear instructions to how the unit is ran. She gave clear instructions each week and was very patient to students who had time catching up and made sure she repeated herself until everyone understood what she was trying to convey.	
1 	NAME was very friendly and helpful. She always provided critical feedback which helps to develop ourselves further. I felt she definitely favored people in the class. As someone who has only been in her class once before she did not know me and therefore gave me less attention than those she knew. We were always the last people she got around to when giving feedback in class. She also frequently went over time and expected people to stay behind - I will not stay behind for benefit of one teacher while the teacher of my next class gets frustrated that I am late. She needs to finish on time.	
0 	She's great! But in my deepest heart I think she needs to be less subjective in giving feedback. I know, this unit is all about branding and design and I know she has a lot of experiences in that sense. What I mean is that I hope she can give feedback not based on only what she actually likes to see or what she prefers to see, but also she can ask us the reasoning on why we choose that particular design and try to understand our background first before judging. Because there are no bad, ugly designs; it's just how we make them appropriate.	
1 	NAME is a great teacher. I have really enjoyed this unit.	
1 	NAME was a very caring and effective tutor for this class.Her feedback in class was very insightful and helped me create a higher standard of work for this subject.My only criticism of her teaching is that her feedback for her assignments could be a bit more in-depth with explanations on why she gave the grade she did.  Other than that, everything else, her teaching, her classes, her feedback, were all exceptional.	
1 	He tried to provide as many examples as he can to bring us ideas and brainstorming. He is a quick thinker which can give many directions when we are stuck.	
1 	His lectures are very clear, and I love my class very much.	
1 	NAME is an awesome tutor. He kept me motivated and engaged while also really helping me progress and succeed.	
1 	NAME is extremely experienced and knowledgeable. He gives it to you straight down the line. He shows the reality of the industry through his experience and teaching methods, which has benefited me greatly. He goes out of his way to assist you and provides real-life helpful tips without hesitation. The way he facilitates your learning is great - pointing you to additional useful resources you didn't realise existed. He also assisted me with practical processes that benefited my learning greatly. NAME is also a great asset for Deakin!	
1 	Great teacher. Always supportive of you during hard times and makes sure everyone is listened to and succeeds.	
0 	I value NAME passion for design and straightforwardness when someones work has missed the brief. I wish he were harder on my group at times when I felt our work was not up to standard but I understand he has compassion as well.	
0 	More time with each group to help improve work prior to final submission. Less harsh in delivery of feedback. More guidance of ways to improve would have been nice. Seems with my group needed to go over basic design skills such as formating for print and ways to provide content to client was also needed as this is prior knowledge they did not have. Generally less aggressive with delivery of things your sometimes very intimidating and hard to talk to.	
1 	NAME is very engaging when teaching and explaining the unit and guidelines. He  is often clear when talking and responds well to feedback.	
1 	NAME was great for this unit, and gave great feedback in classes, however we got no feedback for our second assignment so we can't tell how we could have improved.	
1 	Straight forward, to the point and clear about what he wanted from us. Gave good feedback on design outcomes, and helped us to see what needed to be done after any issues.	
1 	great teacher - loves a tangent or two. patient with good constructive feedback.	
1 	NAME was an amazing teacher, he has so much knowledge and was extremely inspiring every lesson	
1 	Enthusiastic and very able teacher.	
0 	Grades/feedback from each assignment were incredibly late and hindered ability to do the next assignment a bit.	
0 	I found the Facebook group not helpful as an online student and feedback on that site was at times confusing and seemed to differ from the on campus students. Would prefer online tutorials via zoom for example and more visual exemplars to help online students reach success. NAME was helped when prompted but I would have preferred weekly collaborative sessions not sporadic communication.	
1 	NAME is a very experienced designer. She knows the materials very well. However, this unit is really challenging for students without any prior experience to design. Thus, it is quite difficult to catch up.	
1 	NAME was fantastic. Excellent teaching and student support. Went above and beyond to provide extra resources. Feedback was very insightful, constructive and helpful.	
0 	Poor feedback, does not follow the rubric/study guide, gives on-campus students greater guidance and communicates different expectations to them, did not provide feedback on assessment within 15 days and therefore feedback could not be applied to other assessments - this really impacted my progress in the unit and overall learning. Overall, I was deeply dissatisfied and disappointed by this unit, I felt as if this unit were a complete waste of both time and money (being postgrad it is a fair investment too), which is directly related to the teaching style and structure.	
1 	always available for help at anytime.	
0 	Firstly, NAME was committed to his students and I recognise the prompt input he provided us all. I'm not unhappy with the level of work he provided in this unit.  I just felt that there needed to be more structure and I would have benefited from a more detailed overview of the unit during the first week.  I felt that a lot of my time spent on each assessment was wasted, since one assessment led into the next, I needed more high level information on coding and the overall aims of this subject at the beginning.	
1 	NAME always went the extra mile to provide additional assistance and resources when required. I really enjoyed the unit.	
1 	NAME has clear subject NAME er expertise, and wide-ranging design knowledge. He was helpful and positive in his dealings via email and in online sessions, and was solutions-focused and supportive. I did that NAME knowledge of learning systems could have been stronger, as there were tasks or activities where submission or participation was unclear or unable to be done as originally plNAME d.	
1 	Always ready to help a student with difficulties in the unit. Also was encouraging students who did not have a background in web design before.	
1 	NAME was always ready to offer assistance to the students. He encouraged everyone to learn and engage with the assessments beyond the resources provided and the classroom lectures. Although, I wish a more incremental, step-by-step approach to the technical aspects of coding was implemented, as majority of the class do not have prior knowledge to Web Design.	
1 	Very enthusiastic teacher.	
1 	his real experiences was good to have insight on, it was not all theory discussion but very good examples related to theory	
1 	I only happened to hear his voice over lecture recordings, but his ability to engage with the material was first rate. His exploration of themes and specific photographers gave me the spring board into my own exploration, which I feel it essential for a creative pursuit.	
1 	Keep doing you, NAME	NAME
1 	NAME is very helpful and understanding in regards to assignment help and extensions.	
1 	NAME lectures are very thorough and always clearly states the objectives and how the things being taught will help us with our learning and/or next assignments. NAME is always quick to respond to emails as well, and is always helpful when I have questions about practical/technical problems	
1 	Very helpful when needed.	
0 	I found that although NAME feedback was helpful to my learning experience he did not really make good use of the class time we had. Most classes were spent presenting our work, which took much longer than it should have, instead of actually learning things. As analogue cameras are not something many of the students had used before we should have spent the time in class learning skills on how to use the cameras, instead of spending 30+ minutes looking at 10 slides. I personally had to teach myself all the skills I learnt in this unit.	
1 	Mr NAME has a clear passion in his students learning and has made this unit more enjoyable and easier to navigate with support and a genuine interest in our achievement.	
1 	NAME is really understanding and helpful with any issues regarding the assessments and presentations. His feedback on assignments was also really valuable.	
1 	She's very clear when she's teach in class. 3	
1 	NAME is very supportive and clear. Her approach is friendly and motivating. I was keen to attend all her classes because she made me interested in th topics and discussions.	
1 	NAME was lovely, and especially flexible when it came to a number of personal issues I faced over the semester. I felt confident that she wanted to get the best out of me, given the limitations I had. The tutorials were very enjoyable.	
1 	NAME was really nice, such as i liked her teaching so much. And i was able to learn so much from her.	
1 	Best teacher I had all year. Approachable and knowledgable.	
1 	NAME was very helpful and provided advice for additional resources not only to complete the assessments but also to enhance learning in personal time. Presentations can be very daunting but NAME encouraged a relaxed environment in the classroom which improved my confidence to speak during the first assignment presentations.	
1 	NAME teaching of this subject was an absolute pleasure to watch. He is passionate and incredibly knowledgeable in art and photographic history.	
1 	NAME NAME was both the best lecturer and tutor for my entire first year at Deakin. incredibly informative, well spoken and explained information in a clear and concise MANNER. I hope she continues to teach at Deakin and that I learn from here again because the way in which she taught was conducive to my learning style and I enjoyed learning under her guidance.	
1 	Amazing teacher, whose depth and breadth of knowledge was not only imformative but more importantly, was inspirational.	
1 	Amazing teacher. Very experienced and educated made it very easy to understand feedback, NAME always was able to explain things to me, as a visual learner this made it much easier to get the best out of the unit.	
1 	NAME is a great lecturer to be in class with! He was very motivating lecturer who always motivated students to take the risk and create something different.	
1 	NAME is an extremely effective tutor who shares knowledge and is always happy to listen to ideas for your work in progress and give advice. He is a very motivational mentor.	
1 	NAME is without a doubt an asset to Deakin, and to the photography program in general.	
1 	Very friendly and engaging - helped bring out the better student in me by way of encouragement and thoughtful critique. Great at email responses. Knowledgable acNAME multiple disciplines which was always fascinating. Great dude!	
1 	Wonderful teacher that knows what she is teaching!	
1 	Wonderful teacher! absolutely loved the class and was made even better thanks to NAME She was always extremely supportive and enthusiastic.	
1 	amazing teacher, very organised and professional with constructive feedback.	
0 	Overall good teacher. However struggled to understand answers to many of my questions. more often than not was given a strange response that didn't really answer any of my queries. As a visual learner as many of the art students are its difficult to resolve issues in our assignments without examples.	
1 	NAME is very nice and he is a very good tutor.	
1 	NAME was always a motivating lecturer. He never said that any discussed idea was bad, but suggested how it could be improved which I found most inspiring!	
1 	Uses great examples in lectures, and always keen to give feedback	
1 	shows interest in overall content.	
1 	this teacher was absolutely fantastic! i am in no means a photographer and i was a little worried how i would go. but the teacher was extremely helpful and so inspiring! every class he was enthusiastic and i learnt so much in this unit because of the way he taught us. he should be commended on his teaching because it was amazing	
1 	Very good teacher. Responds promptly and kindly to questions asked by students.	
1 	Fantastic teaching and feedback. However having the lecture 6 hours before class made it difficult to attend especially for a student who lives further than an hour commute.	
0 	There was an understanding that she is difficult and needlessly demanding from within the class.	
0 	This tutor gave good written feed back. However overall I was very disapointed by this tutor. Her teaching style was controlling and disrespectful. She openly chastised students in front of the group, she complained repeatedly about the students who didn't come to seminars, to the people who did. She was disrespectful to the Chinese students, particularly about their English skills. Her critical and controlling approach to the class did not foster learning and made me feel this unit was a waste of money, time and effort. This tutor seemed to be out of her depth.	
1 	Incredibly helpful and supportive. Wonderful teacher, learnt so much.	
0 	Dissappointed with the constant you must come to lecture comments. Particularly when the lectures consisted mainly of this lecturer reading quotes from others and showing videos. There was one or two questions asked, but nothing that warranted adding more people to the peak hour traffic, increasing popution emissions.Also, the late posting of several questions to be answered before the seminar, showed a lack of respect for students and their workloads, and showed a lack of organisation on the part of the lecturer.	
1 	Photography should be practiced with spirit and compassion and have that humanist element to it, and NAME very much embodies this. Always very encouraging and able to provide constructive critical feedback.	
1 	NAME is a great communicator who shares her knowledge and personal experiences to broaden the students knowledge. She makes herself available for one on one sessions and imparts great advice and suggestions to improve our outcomes during our development process.	
1 	NAME is very nice and always help me a lot.	
1 	As per the unit with NAME NAME I feel privileged to have been taught by Patrick. He created an relaxed environment to work within which allowed creativity to flow.	
1 	NAME delivered UNIT with confidence and passion which no doubt stems from his years as a practicing artist/photographer. He was always available to consult with about ideas, challenges and progress of work and responded promptly with email queries. His knowledge and experience shone through and was constantly attentive to listen and answer questions during class and seminars. His encouragement and structured feedback helped me achieve a greater level and enjoyment of this unit. Overall very satisfied with NAME and hope he continues to teach at Deakin as he's an asset to the university.	
1 	NAME was an amazing teacher and I loved the class - he knew what he was talking about and genuinely wanted to help students	
1 	NAME was very informative, encouraging and helpful in the teaching of this unit.	
1 	Useful, and engaging. Helpful comments and feedback.	
1 	Very helpful and completely open to the different ideas when discussing student's work. Lecture was spot on and the seminar was insightful.	
1 	Give this lady a raise, best tutor ever. Really great at telling when we're putting ourselves under undue pressure, gives great perspective and has the practical experience in experimental photography to back up all the advice she imparts. 10/10 keep up the good work NAME! Also great taste in music aye	
1 	NAME is a fantastic tutor. She always provides useful feedback about work and it passionate about the creative arts. She is very approachable and friendly!	
1 	NAME is a very positive and enthusiastic lecturer. She has gone above and beyond to help out students throughout the trimester.	
1 	Wonderful lecturer and teacher. Inspires and makes the unit fun	
1 	awesome teacher, helpful, gives good feedback, encouraging,	
0 	I intend to use all the space available here for continued comment on the degree in general. The tutor for this unit was excellent once again. I feel privileged to be under the guidance of experience and knowledge. However....I have finished the units without the skills to work as a photographer but with instead an idea of being an artist. This does not reflect on the tutors but on the course structure itself.A couple of seminars on Photoshop with a handout relevant only to the assignments UNIT is not sufficient. Nor is 20 minutes on colour management delivered by tech staff, or a 20 minute introduction to Capture One UNIT - software used extensively in professional studios.	
1 	NAME was very helpful with all of the class and myself finding what we wanted to achieve and become once we finsihed uni. I liked having a new teacher we have never had coming into the mix and teaching us new was to get ourselves out into the world and pushing ourselves a lot.	
0 	She demonstrated great knowledge and experience overall, the feedback was helpful and honest, however, The dynamic of the class was too flat, boring at times due to voice pitch and the use of complex vocabulary was made it very hard to receive and process, too academic and as students we are not entirely and that level yet.	
1 	Very helpful and inspiring! Helped every student in any way she can. Provided the right milestones and feedback to effectively make our final exhibition and assessment the best one.	
1 	I appreciate the way NAME taught this unit. He made it clear from the beginning he just wanted us to get the best experience for our professional practices and this is something we haven't often received during this course. I think encouraging students to produce a body of work that they are proud of at the end of the unit is very important and more tutors should approach teaching this way. The work he put into helping out with the exhibition was also very much appreciated!	
1 	Inspiring and excited. Makes me want to create my best work. It feels like he's a bit hobbled by the bureaucracy of the unit though, and the strict by-the-bookedness of the unit head.	
1 	NAME is a lovely lecturer who gives positive and sound feedback. He is willing to help out where he can and to explain things.	
1 	NAME was a knowledgable and enthusiastic teacher	
1 	awesome teacher	
1	Great teacher. Love how she explains concepts and ideas and her feedback is always helpful.	
1 	NAME is always engaging, asks questions and encourages us to ask questions to ensure we are learning and being able to think and speak about our knowledge and what we are gaining in class.NAME is also very caring and understanding as a teaching professional and makes sure her students are Ok during class exercises as she knows how theatrical exercises can make students/actors highly emotional and or extract varied reactions.	
1 	NAME is a very knowledgable tutor, and his passion from Drama and Theatre is obvious and it is lovely how he shares this passion with the class. Although, when in a group forNAME NAME can often get lost, and the class feels overpowering to his instruction. NAME is fantastic one-on-one, but I feel in a group he was not much help. I also did not appreciate him being late to almost every class, and being the first one to leave after class is finished, which can make it difficult if you would like to talk to him about assessment.	
1 	NAME really knows what he's talking about and was always willing to discuss theory and practice.	
0 	NAME was engaging in the lecture/tutorials but in regard to giving students time to work on Assessment 2 in class it was shocking. Assessment 2 was a performance piece & we could choose to be in a group or perform a solo. After the break we only had time allocated to work on our pieces during two classes (out of 4) close to the date, which was stressful to say the least. I understand that NAME wanted to use the time to work on concepts from the lectures and probably assumed that it would be worked on outside of class but I was seriously disappointed that the time wasn't allocated better.	
1 	Good lectures, they provided useful information which allowed us to immerse ourselves in the world of performance and understanding some more of theatre history. The classes were good, we practised what we learnt in the lecture for the most part, and it all felt relevant in relation to the teachings.	
1 	i attended only for classroom sessions with Mr. NAME NAME. Very knowledgeable on the subject.	
1	I attended only for the Practical sessions. Ms. NAME NAME is  a very good and friendly tutor at that.	
1	NAME very much engages with genre and lines all the exercises in the course outcomes	
1 	She is very enthusiastic and motivated which helps me to learn and engage with the task at hand.   NAME is very relaxed, super passionate and I really enjoy her teaching. She makes going to class comfortable and exciting.	
1 	Very enthusiastic and down to earth	
1 	very wonderful really enjoyed her teaching she made learning very fun	
0 	NAME directions were often unclear and his attitude was really rude in instructing the class. However it was good  how he took student input and feedback to incorporate into the play.	
0 	I am no stranger to theater, yet I felt as though I have learned next to nothing in this class. I would of considered this a flaw of the unit, however NAME class have nothing but praises for the unit and what they have learned. Unfortunately, this wasn't NAME only flaw. Our entire class felt no support or motivation from him. He wouldn't even meet us after our performances to congratulate or perhaps give feedback. Throughout the 10 weeks he gave very little feed back, making extremely difficult to develop or learn anything about our craft.  I would not recommend the teacher to anybody.	
0 	I came in late one week late to this unit. Over email NAME made it seem as if i was coming into week 9 of the production by saying that half the play had already been blocked out and all the roles had been given out. However i was still asked to come to class. I attended my class feeling anxious and not knowing if i had a spot in the class as all roles had been given out.  his teaching was also very scattered as i felt that the students were running the class rather the teacher.	
0 	I know NAME has some health issues right now so is understandably sidetracked, but iften i felt he just didn't want to be in class. I liked his direct teaching style though and appreciate how dull it must be seeing the same thing over and over each week.  I didn't dislike the unit at all, but something feels like it's missing. Also, as a suggestion, instead of alocating a play straight off the bat, trybreading two scripts in the first week that you'd be willing to run with and let the class decide. It's not that the play choice was bad, it's just that having an option would make us involved	
1 	NAME is literally wonder woman, she is so incredible and gave us the confidence and resources that we needed to create an amazing show. She is actually wonderfully inspiring- we know how much she does out of uni (family, PhD writing etc) and the fact that she still has the time and enthusiasm for us is really awesome. I've gotta sat that she is my favourite teacher from my deakin experience so far.	
1 	NAME is the perfect teacher for this course in particular. Her patience and genuine kindness motivates her students to achieve, to experiment, and to play. However this does not stop her from giving genuinely constructive feedback (as most teachers either give none, or make their comments seem more judgemental than constructive.)Her ability to juggle the egos, emotions, skills and talents of 30+ students demands recognition.	
1 	NAME was an amazing teacher who motivated me to aim for the best i could in all aspects of the unit.	
1 	NAME was very professional and insightful and made every class very enjoyable. There was never a dull moment in class even when we were blocking a scene. Overall I am incredibly happy that I was taught by NAME and hope to be in her class again.	
1 	There needs to be a higher level than Strongly Agree for describing the quality of NAME teaching.  She was nothing short of amazing, so supportive, pushed us when needed, kept us on track and focused and that is a very hard task with a group of drama students!	
0 	Did not feel she was an appropriate educator for this class. Felt she was difficult to work with, and didn't have an encouraging vibe. Felt some comments and/or remarks were unnecessary and/or rude	
0 	I felt that the content that NAME provided for the workshops was highly irrelevant for the stages of the projects that we were up to, and felt that he teaching style was also extremely unhelpful in all aspects. The feedback that we received for assignments was flimsy and unprofessional.	
0 	I am very disappointed with my experience with this subject... not only was I extremely confused on exactly what was expected of us throughout the entirety of the semester but I was not happy with NAME as a teacher.There was little support from NAME and the answers to my questions were always vague and general. Twice throughout our workshopping process she either cancelled on our meetings (between my group and her) or failed to show up at all... It saddens me to have to write feedback like this as o truely love my course and usually enjoy every unit.	
0 	NAME was a super lovely person, but was difficult as a teacher. Her expectations of assignments (Project Brief) were not clearly outlined and were very different to how we normally approach these assignments in this course. The in class activities leading to the placements were not helpful in creating our workshops and did not focus at all on drama based exercises. NAME also left our classroom during the placement visit for about 15 minutes when it was impolite to do so, which felt a bit embarrassing.	
0 	NAME is not a teacher, she is a facilitator, so when it came to marking and assessments she made it difficult for us to do what she wanted us to achieve as well as following the marking criteria. Her workshops were too long and did not keep us engaged. She was unsure constantly when we came to her for questions. She was unable to attend the workshop we required and that disadvantaged us.	
0 	NAME was great at providing information about drama and performance. However, i felt that she lacked teacher knowledge and therefore disregarding valuable parts of the subject; such as providing strong information about the assignments or providing helpful information for when we worked with our clients. Some lessons she also took quite a rude approach towards some students that i felt was unnecessary and un-teacher like. I felt that NAME wanted to just be there to talk about her work and run workshops rather than focusing on the assignments and relevant information.	
0 	NAME was probably the worst teacher I have had. Would dust off students any time they tried to make a question or tell a joke. When NAME gives feedback she does not give it constructively, only negatively.	
0 	ran unclear workshop, miss managed time. Needed to have a clearer idea of what the assessment tasks were	
1 	I think NAME sets the boundaries between her role as an advisor and facilitator really well in this unit.	
1 	The best drama teacher at Deakin, she is so knowledgeable on every Theatre subject and always helps and supports students with everything I really look up to NAME i	
1 	NAME was an excellent seminar teacher, very kind and had interesting points to make in discussions. I like the way she tries to include the whole class and not just give us answers or lecture at us	
1 	NAME seminars are always ones I look forward to. In the first seminar she asked us our expectations of her and has over delivered on her promise to meet our expectations. NAME has always ensured active participation resulting in a thorough understanding of the key topic brought up in the lectures.	
1 	Tutorials were well plNAME d and informative, NAME asked thought provoking questions and engages students in helpful discussions	
0 	Didn't have this teacher	
1 	Love her. She made such an effort to learn everyone's NAME  in our seminar class, and i found that to be really nice. She let everyone have their say, always kept us questioning and always wanted to her our thoughts. She promoted  group activities and they were so successful. She gave really reassuring advice on assignments especially on how to stay stress free with our big research and writing assessment piece. She made me not want to miss a seminar class. She was always on time and always happy never grumpy. Really glad i had the opportunity to be in her seminar.	
1 	Very engaging and helpful	
1 	Always gave good examples and stories to tell and made sure everyone had a chance to talk and discuss things-an issue was that he'd sometimes pick on people to talk when it was clear they didn't want to and they'd have put their hand up to talk if they wanted to	
1 	A great seminar teacher, who facilitates discussions well, even though it is somewhat like pulling teeth to get us to talk re: some issues (such as criticizing police, and the theory of letting all young people and elderly go free) as, I've found that if we don't agree with it, we don't go along with the conversation and clam up (collectively).	
1 	A very approachable and knowledgeable seminar lecturer, who always tried to engage the students in the seminar in the discussions	
1 	NAME NAME always explains the outline of the weekly seminar and thoroughly explains all concepts and theories relevant to the unit while relating it to real life events.	
1 	NAME was an excellent teacher and I really enjoyed his seminars. I found him very approachable and he offered insightful comments every week relevant to our topic	
1 	I have been lucky to have such an intelligent and articulate lecturer, and seminar facility for this unit as NAME. The way that NAME has incorporated his life experiences into his lecturing, while at the same time involving and engaging us as individuals, has made this unit interesting and engaging. Thanks again Chris.I have also been very lucky to have NAME NAME as the unit chair. along with the other hard working members of the unit team. The resources have been amazing and the unit team have always been professional, compassionate and respectful. Who could ask for more than that.	
1 	One of the best teachers.	
1 	Really engaging and fun, helps me remember information by making it relatable	
1 	Very engaging and helped prompt extensive discussion.	
1 	Very knowledgable and was able to provide numerous examples of real world situations for each topic. Loved the discussions had in seminars, these were really helpful to consolidate knowledge, especially when revising for the exam	
1 	Although NAME had a lot of knowledge I found her to be unenthusiastic and she often talked very dull. This made the lectures very hard to sit through, and I was quite unmotivated. She did make the content clear though.	
1 	As a Cloud student, I thoroughly enjoyed listening to NAME lectures. Very engaging and explains concepts in an easy to understand MANNER. Very prompt and helpful responses on discussion boards.	
1 	As a mature age cloud student in my first trimester of university study, I couldn't believe how supportive NAME was in the discussion boards (I generally listened to NAME  lectures due to timing).  She offered solutions when appropriate, but usually provoked further research while offering gentle guidance.	
1 	NAME is a very understanding individual, who can see that an unprecedented situation like how possibly how close it might be to losing my Mother to Cancer and also the impact it had when i reported someone in the family to police can impact a student. She is very intelligent. She is precise. A supportive lady. Clearly spoken which is highly essential for a lecturer to have, in past there has been one unit chair that I couldn't understand most of the time due to his accent, But NAME has excellence in speech. She is informative.	
1 	NAME is fantastic. There was no babble in lectures, she got straight to the point and covered everything with great detail. Course content was prepared very well by all teachers.	
1 	NAME is very clear and concise in her delivery of the information provided in lectures.	
1	NAME presents well in the lectures, is clear and knowledgeable. Makes it easy to listen to the lectures and follow.Didn't have much contact as I am a cloud student but always offered that support if needed.	
1 	NAME was very inspiring and a great seminar teacher.	
1 	From the lectures, to the help within discussions in the forums you can't fault anything. Wonderful teaching ethic.	
1 	Great lecturer!	
1 	Great teaching, however I may suggest to make the lectures a bit more interactive. I appreciated them being only about 50 minutes each, which made it very easy to keep up to date with the weekly content, however the total absence of interaction with the students made it a bit boring, at times, and hard to stay focused, even though I understand that seminars are thought to play that role. Too many questions as well where there is no answer, but I understand that it may be a way to present controversial topics in UNIT.	
1 	I downloaded and listened to all NAME lectures and took notes.  The Week 11 lecture was of great value to prepare for the exam.  It was great to meet NAME at the Deakin Open Day where I brought my daughter who is in Year 11 and interested in studying UNIT / Law	
1 	I found NAME NAME very informative and easy to listen to via the recorder lectures. NAME made the information relatable by using example from within the current media.	
0 	I found NAME lectures to be very informative, however I often found it difficult to engage in these lectures.	
0 	I found it difficult to attend lectures due to a time clash with another unit however, within the discussion forum, she assists students whenever they ask questions.	
1 	I like how she expounds on the details from the slideshow and it's clear with what she's saying.	
0 	Mostly happy with the deliverance of lectures, however felt that sometimes certain topics were explained in a way that went off on a tangent that reduced my understanding of the initial idea that was being discussed.	
0 	Overall informative, yet the content can be quite 'dry' at times despite the effort of the staff.	
0 	Read straight from slides and could be more engaging.	
0 	She is great and is really good at helping everyone to achieve their best! My only issue was that as someone who entered this unit without doing UNIT, I feel as though she didn't cater to my needs and didn't understand that I didn't know half of the terminology she used	
0 	She is so knowledgeable but sometimes its a struggle to listen to her lecture as i find she stays in one tone. Also the presentation of her slides are so confronting and could be more engaging. However i still learnt so much from her and am grateful.	
0 	So. Many. Questions. Her lectures are mostly very informative but sometimes, she asks more questions during the lectures than she answers questions related to the topic, leaving us with double the amount of questions; half from the lecture and half from her.	
0 	Teaches essential material, but is hard to listen to as she is pretty monotone and doesn't make lectures very interesting.	
1 	Thoroughly enjoy everything about this course! Thank you	
1 	Very knowledgeable and interesting lecturer	
1 	Very knowledgeable lecturer who could thoroughly discuss the content and explain it with real world examples	
1 	Very receptive and helpful. Good communication.	
0 	waste of time doing this unit to get disgusting grades 0/10	
1 	NAME has a very odd sense of humour that makes me not want to miss a seminar! NAME is clear in the content he presents. At times NAME is easily distracted, but the class is definitely enjoyable.	
1 	NAME is an amazing tutor, very fun and engaging, his enthusiasm about UNIT was contagious and made me want to learn even more on top of what I had already learnt about UNIT and definitely made me enjoy UNIT more. His Wednesdays 11am class was the absolute highlight of my week and I went to every single one of his classes as I enjoyed it so much and learning from him was an absolute blast. I will miss him if I do not have him as my tutor next year as he is my favourite tutor at Deakin overall.	
1 	NAME provided fun and interesting discussions on topics that were sometimes hard to discuss. When seeking assistance he was easy to talk to and very concise in his advice.	
0 	NAME was great but the course was terrible.	
1 	NAME seminars were interesting. He can make students uncomfortable with his questions. But overall, he did help with the unit.	
1 	He is a very energetic tutor who promotes discussion in class which makes the seminars interesting and not boring to go to.	
1 	One of the best tutors I have had. Made class very enjoyable. Jokes were a great way to break up the content.	
1 	Enjoyable and engaging style of tutoring.	
1 	Has many interesting insights about the criminal justice system	
1 	I love the class discussions, very different from other tutes i have been in and lets everyone in the room communicate.	
1 	Very informative and engaging throughout the seminars. Encouraged discussion and a challenging of ones thoughts and beliefs. Great tutor.	
1 	Very knowledgable, approachable and helpful	
1 	During collaborate sessions I felt like everyone went off topic a bit too much. Not blaming NAME in particular but I feel like it's something to be more conscious of.	
1 	Good in the seminars, did tend to get off track a little bit but overall enjoyed his teaching style. Felt for him on several occasions when there was only a couple in the session.	
1 	Great teaching sessions, You inspire people. Keep it up.	
1 	I loved the interactive approach with NAME  I have struggled with retaining information.  Listen and reading is great but I find I remember so much more when I can discuss a subject.	
0 	It was disappointing that all online classes were run by NAME  While he is knowledgeable, I found his teaching style did not assist in my learning and I stopped watching the recordings after the 4th week.  He does a lot of talking in the session so the sessions were more like a lectures than a seminar.  He also tends to rattle on a lot and strays off topic regularly.   My understanding is that seminars are more for participation and there wasn't much student participation happening.  NAME teaching style did not help me and it was a shame there were no other teachers offering online seminars	
0 	NAME does go off on tangents at times and runs out of time to cover other important details in depth.	
1 	NAME was really helpful during seminars, very happy with how he structured them.	
1 	NAME seminars were always engaging and his humorous and non-judgemental attitude always created a safe space to explore ideas.  I was very grateful to have him as a tutor.	
0 	The tutes could be more on topic at times with more imput from NAME as to us being on the right track	
1 	Thoroughly enjoyed attending NAME Cloud seminars on a Thursday evening. Very good explanations and always provided the important 'take-away' points for the week. Very engaging and easy to listen to. Made the seminars quite fun.	
1 	absolute legend best teacher within this whole unit	
1 	well done with the weekly seminars.	
1 	Allowed for discussion to flow naturally and did not pressure anyone to give ideas. Helped reinforce ideas from the lectures.	
0 	Didn't have this teacher, however is willing to help students by answering the discussion board questions.	
1 	Engaging during online seminars	
1 	Lots of trying to get everyone involved, easy to understand and covered a lot of things	
0 	Used too much time to complete group activities which were mostly pointless, unfortunately. I felt that we missed out on a lot of important discussion because we focussed on the basic questions and group activities that ??recycled?� the lecture.	
1 	NAME is a great teacher.	
1 	very approachable and passionate about the subject which really makes it easier to learn.	
1 	All lecturers teaching this course have extreme enthusiasm and a real passion	
1 	Amazing teacher. Felt engaged in both the lectures and seminars hopefully able to learn more from NAME in he future.	
1 	Awesome help 24/7. Whenever people (or me!) have had an issue NAME has made sure to try and resolve it as quickly and fairly as possible. Plus, I always know I will get an answer on the DB from NAME!	
1 	Both my Lecturer and Tutor was great. Also having the tutorial straight after the lecture was great to clarify anything.	
1 	Consistently engages with students, providing so many resources. opened my eyes to so many concepts within criminology. Just great really.	
1 	Engaging lecturer who is passionate about her subject and makes it easy to be interested in what is being taught	
1 	Every class was thoroughly enjoying! NAME always ensured an engaging and interesting lecture. I really enjoy this unit and NAME  approach to every topic. 
A 	wonderful and very helpful lecturer, NAME is one of the best lecturers who has taught me.	
1 	Fantastic lectures. NAME is entertaining and makes her lectures interesting. It is easy to follow and listen as her voice is loud and confident.	
0 	Great enthusiasm in lectures. However, occasional use of inappropriate language during lectures and tutorials.	
1 	Honestly, she is the best teaching staff that I have had. She is very engaging and I am excited to have her as my teacher in the future! You rock NAME!!	
0 	I felt as though the bias this teacher held, in particular towards policing actually were so strong in the first few weeks that I stopped attending the seminars and lectures, and instead did all the work online and from home, due to her overwhelming bias and clear subliminal messages of influence on an impressionable group of students.	
1 	I find NAME very motivating and her excitement to teach the subject projects onto the students, makes them feel more interested and willing to learn	
1 	I had NAME as both a lecturer and a tutor. She is very engaging and has made the unit relatable, enjoyable and engaging. I got the impression that she really does care about teaching and her students and was always happy to answer any questions. Her seminars were great and were my favourite out of all my units.	
1 	I like the enthusiasm of NAME and her engagement with students via the weekly discussion topics online.  The links to additional resources and questions proposed really help consolidate the foundation laid via the test readings and lectures.  I found NAME to be very approachable via email which was separate to the discussion boards so it felt more personable.	
1 	I really liked NAME she was passionate about teaching UNIT and its history, which made content easier to learn.	
1 	I thoroughly enjoyed NAME teaching. As a cloud student listening to her lectures, I found her teaching to be informative, motivating & enthusiastic. She made this unit extremely enjoyable and I feel I learnt a great deal more than I expected to from her. Thank you thank you thank you NAME.	
1 	I was very pleased to have NAME as my tutor. She was very engaging and is captivating to listen to, she makes UNIT super interesting! Very happy with her work :)	
0 	Lectures could have been more engaging with interesting lecture slides and more movement in lectures front stage?� to engage whole audience?�/Student body.	
1 	Lectures were clear and relevant to the topic	
1	Lectures were very interesting, I really enjoyed the extra history as well as all the different topics, NAME  delivery was passionate and well informed	
0 	Less information on the slides. Most of the points are verbally delivered, hard to write all that down during the lecture. Can you please put all that information on the slides please?	
1 	Nice and engaging lecturer with attitude that makes the content interesting to learn.	
1 	She is a very enthusiastic lecturer who is obviously passionate about what she is teaching, which makes listening to her lectures very interesting and encapsulating.	
1 	She is actually the best!!	
0 	The lectures were quite simple, ran over time, and was a lot of simply reading off of the slides which I can do at home	
0 	The seminars where engaging when she taught. However the classes seemed to run over time when she taught and because of this is was hard to hear the last bits of information with everyone packing up and leaving	
1 	The weekly lectures from NAME were ones I looked forward to each week. They were engaging and informative although they ran over time most weeks they still effectively provided me with the relevant weekly information	
1 	Very engaging and provides great discussion on all the topics she teaches.	
1 	Very knowledgeable and interesting lecturer	
1	Very passionate about the content and engaging as a lecturer, speaks clearly and has helpful slides to supplementOverall very good lecturer I hope to have again	
1 	Very prompt and helpful responses on discussion boards.  Regularly available online, particularly after hours, which is highly valued by Cloud students who work full-time and study during evenings and weekends.	
1 	Very thorough.	
1 	NAME is a very good teacher, she is able to provide a fun seminar that has good discussions and good learning of the content.	
1 	NAME is an amazing teacher, makes seminars very interesting!	
1	 NAME is an incredibly passionate and enthusiastic tutor and lecturer. Her love and expertise in this particular subject is refreshing and is incredibly contagious. The most energetic tutor and lecturer I have had this trimester.	
1 	NAME is enthusiastic, motivated and professional. I find her lectures to be entertaining, engaging and knowledgeable. NAME  passion for UNIT is evident through her teaching methods and this makes the content so enjoyable.	
1 	NAME is really helpful, especially with an assignment issue which she helped to clarify for me.	
1 	NAME seems very passionate in her teaching of this unit and I enjoyed her lectures.	
1 	NAME was awesome, she encouraged critical discussion and seemed genuinely passionate about what she was talking about, even if it was about her cats. She really burned the key themes and topics into our brains. I really enjoyed her class and i hop to have her for future units.	
1 	NAME was great to listen to in the lectures as she was enthusiastic about what she was teaching and that really showed when listening to the lectures	
1 	NAME was very passionate about this unit and in turn made me work harder and become more interested in the content!	
1 	NAME  passion for her subject NAME er was evident during her lectures, and as with my comments for Clare, I was extremely impressed with their engagement in discussion boards and assisting students where required.  I'll hold all future lecturers up to the standards set in UNIT, thank you NAME 	
1 	Was a great lecturer and tutor. Very willing to help if needed and always engaged and enthusiastic to learn.  Was a pleasure being her student and hope to have her again in the furture.	
0 	not bad	
0 	NAME struggled often in conducting seminars  but this was contributed to by low attendance after the first 3 weeks and frequently only a few people participating	
1 	He was really helpful in providing additional information on the topics each week and the assessments	
0 	His questions in tutes were really hard to understand. He made the tute very boring and people stopped coming because this unit is difficult enough with all the theories let alone with tute activities that dont make it any easier to understand.	
1 	Absolutely amazing tutor, really funny and helpful, would gladly have him again	
1 	NAME is eccentric and different to your usual tutor.  he has a great sense of humour and makes everything fun!	
1 	NAME was always willing to help with any questions and with our assignments. This is the second time I have had NAME as a tutor and I find him very engaging and loves to see his students succeed.	
1 	I found the teaching of this unit very helpful, the seminars were engaging and improved my understanding of the unit materials as well as guided my progress on assessment tasks.	
1 	I originally attended NAME tutorials, however I found that his teaching style was not conducive with how my style of learning. He regularly got side tracked and went off on random tangents. He was very open about the previous negative feedback that he had received and allowed students to move to a different seminar if they didnt like his teaching style - i thought this was very good of him. Im sure some students would like his teaching method, but he just wasn't right for me.	
1 	Really engaging. A bit quirky, which helped his examples really stick. The tutorials were easy to sit through. I hope to have him as a tutor again in future units.	
0 	conducts tutorials in a easy MANNER where students are compelled to participate, not the right tutor for every student	
0 	A more animated approach to lecturing could be an improvement, rather than simply reading off or slightly elaborating on powerpoint slides. Especially considering this is such a text and information heavy unit.	
1 	A very interesting lecturer in that she was really able to link the content to practise and life. She was able to somewhat liven up the somewhat dull content of certain areas whilst still being able keep the clarity and understanding.	
0 	Although NAME is great with knowledge and content, powerpoints are WAY too lengthy and too much content is inserted to the point where a 1 hour lecture is very slow and draining	
1 	Both a great lecturer and tutor. She is always friendly and willing to answer any questions, and facilitates interesting discussion in the seminars. Also excellent at providing assessment feedback and advice	
1 	NAME has once again outdone herself on running this unit	
1 	NAME is a great teacher, makes everything very clear and easy to understand	
1 	NAME is fantastic - I'm a fan of her teaching style.	
1 	NAME is knowledgeable, approachable, and very helpful. She tended to run out of time in lectures, however I believe this is due to her passion for what she was teaching.	
1 	NAME was a fantastic lecturer and tutor this trimester. She provided with great information during the lectures and also made sure that we fully understood the assignments that we had coming up.	
1 	NAME was a good teacher who was able to answer my questions effectively. She  provided assistance with assignment questions and led engaging discussions in seminars.	
1 	NAME was a wonderful lecturer, and she always manages to make the rather dry content of this unit interesting and relevant to our lives.	
1 	NAME was very willing to put up with my constant questioning, and I always felt welcome to participate in her class. Her positive attitude and passion for the subject were addictive and contagious, and I feel her teaching style greatly improved my potential grade for this unit. I have nothing but respect for NAME, and hope to have her again as a teacher in the future.	
0 	NAME lectures were full of content and interesting to go over. However, I found it hard to concentrate in the lectures due to the amount of content on one slide. The lecture was never fast moving and as a result lost my interest	
1 	NAME teaching is always engaging. As a unit Chair NAME is always organised and approachable.
I 	also want to give some credit to NAME NAME who was my tutor and also again, as always NAME was a fantastic support.	
1 	Excellent lecturer as usual, and provides interesting lectures on otherwise dense topics. I am deeply apologetic that NAME sometimes had to deal with a somewhat disruptive lecture with people whispering very loudly sometimes over her.	
1 	Great lecturer and unit chair, who always ensures students of their progress and never fails to update the cohort on where the marking team is at with marks and feedback.	
0 	Happy with the teaching in this unit. Only thing is that although I understand it is difficult, assignments should be returned on time. Students have to submit on time so I donâ??t think it is fair that they are returned late.	
0 	I found that while detailed, NAME was unable to get through all the powerpoints presented during the lectures probably because the slides were too long for the one hour lecture.	
1 	I have always really enjoyed NAME teaching style and she has done a lot of my studies over the years. In regards to this unit, she was really enthusiastic which meant that we wanted to learn more. Her lecture slides were really informative. AT1 was a great introduction; AT2 personally I found really easy - the one punch topic is very easy and I definitely took advantage of this and finished the assignment 2 weeks early. AT3 was a real test. The topics were difficult and this would have really separated the good students from the bad. Great unit!!	
1 	I really appreciated NAME enthusiasm and knowledge underpinning her lecturing; she never only read off the slides (although the lecture slides very succinctly and helpfully outlined the key ideas of each topic!) and not only usefully expanded upon such notes but also gave great advice on where we could pursue further knowledge if we were interested. She is by far one of my favourite lecturers and was also a very responsive and accommodating unit chair who I am deeply thankful to have had.	
0 	I went to NAME tutorials in the beginning but found them unhelpful and confusing. The bulk information on the slides was hard to process and then the tutorials weren't used effectively but just regurgitating the same information. I like Dr. NAME approachable nature but I found this unit unbearable at times and felt the need to just get through it.	
0 	It is clear NAME is interested and excited about what she is teaching which is great. However I found the lectures provided to be un-engaging and practically just the text book being read aloud. There was a bombard of information and it was unclear as to what the important aspects were. I also found that the feedback provided by NAME did not clearly provide explanations as to why marks were lost.	
1 	Lectures are clear and to the point with concise and useful power point slides.	
0 	More local [Australian] research and examples.	
0 	Ms NAME was too inactive throughout discussion boards and answers were very brief. She posted at the beginning of trimester that seminars will not be recorded as she views listening to students discuss topics as not a valuable way to spend time. I would have liked to make that decision. She also said recording the seminars was too time consuming for her and she was not a fan of recording them therefore I as an online student was unable to attend live seminars due to work and now I feel I have not completed this unit to best of my ability. Also the assessment brief were lacking detail.	
0 	Prof NAME could be somewhat difficult to learn from and spent some of the classes informing us to follow on the Burwood lectures, which was not ideal considering it was meant to be an on campus at WP class. Lecture slides were far too full of text, making them difficult to follow and read, and the presentation of them was difficult to follow.	
1 	Really encourages class discussions and it makes it easier to understand as she aims to get all our opinions and life experiences to relate it to the topic	
1	Sensational feedback and really interesting course materials. Thoroughly enjoyed this unit.	
0 	The co-ordination of this unit by NAME NAME has been a joke, we've had 2 assignments due dates pushed back due to late feedback. For this unit we have had assignments results be realeased over the 15 day result limit twice currently as of writing this review it has been 18 days since our assignments were submitted on the due date making it since friday the 20th of october its been 3 working since we should have our assignments returned.This unit has been very poorly conducted and in the future I hope students won't have to ask in order to recieve their feedback on time and request our results	
0 	The lectures need to be more engagingAll of the lectures were rushed, particularly toward the end of each lecture	
0  Unfortunately I found NAME to be very unengaging during lectures.	
1  Was great having NAME as a teacher, she was very clear with what she believed and gave some great information during the classes. Was also very helpful when it came to assignments which is great. Made me look forward to coming to class	Way too much information is being taught. Need to cut back on the information you put on your slides, I find that it makes it really hard to understand what the key points are.	
1 	Easy to understand and explanation of theories was very clear. Use of real world examples helped to contextualise theories as well.	
1 	NAME did an excellent job of more or less teaching the unit to her class.	
1 	Very informative.	
1 	A really great tutor. Seminars really helped in the practical application of the content in the lectures. The tutor was always readily available to help where she could with content and assignment queries. She was able to provide valuable knowledge and alternate thought and understandings to the content that deepened and enriched the developing thought and understanding of the content and its application.	
1 	I enjoyed the tutorials with NAME very much, sometimes she had a tendency to go on a tangent, but overall the tutorials were a good complement to the weekly lectures and helped with my overall understanding of the content in this unit.	
1	NAME is great! Very helpful	
1 	Seminar classes were extremely helpful and it was a great environment.	
0 	The seminar's didn't really help me understand the content or help me with my assignments. NAME teaching is very up in the air and unstructured.	
1 	Very engaging	
0 	Whilst NAME is knowledgeable, she can also be quite abrasive and I found that I often had communication with her was quite difficult as she seemed to often misunderstand what I was trying to say, however I feel that this was probably just a personality difference.	
0 	bitch	
1 	Aaamazing. So impressed with NAME ability to keep us engaged and make a 'dry' unit really interesting.	
1 	Absolutely love NAME, she was extremely knowledgable and able to help in a second!	
1 	Excellent tutor who provided great opportunities for class discussion and made the atmosphere warm and welcoming to talk for an otherwise shy student. Also, her constant referencing to movies helped shape our understanding of UNIT theory. NAME also provided great feedback on questions regarding the assessment.	
1 	I was really happy with NAME as my seminar tutor.  I think she explained difficult concepts and theories well and made sure they were understood before we could move on.	
1	Made the seminars very engaging and I liked the use of  movie titles and short clips to help me understand and relate to the content better	
1	NAME is by far my favourite tutor acNAME my years of studying. She was always exceptionally timely with email responses, a great help with assignment queries and an outstanding facilitator of in-class discussions. NAME was inspiring in her passion for UNIT and her sharing of details of her personal experiences in the field. She was thorough in elaborating on key topics each week and cared to listen to our concerns and dedicated time to areas we were less confident with. NAME was encouraging and her personal touch of relating theory to movie/real-life examples was super helpful!	
1 	NAME is very engaging and facilitates the seminar really well. The discussion and film references aided loads in helping to better understand the theories.	
1 	NAME was an exceptional teacher. She was engaging and went above and beyond to ensure that the content was not only explained well but had examples (through either movie references or real-life examples) to help relate it back to each student. She was always encouraging class debates about the weekly theories and I enjoyed the unit much more thanks to her.	
1 	NAME was very encouraging and inclusive in seminars, I definitely enjoyed attending the seminars.	
1 	NAME held my seminars and was engaging and clear in all of the topics discussed throughout the unit. He was very willing to discuss and debate key issues that arose when studying media and crime. NAME also marked a few of my assessments and was clear in his marking and reasoning as to why he gave a certain grade.	
1 	NAME provided a unique learning experience in seminars, he was always welcoming to student discussions and on occasion played devils advocate to allow you to see from a different perspective.	
1 	He was helpful and understanding of students. He explained things in a way that was easy to comprehend. He seemed organised, but willing to adapt based on the students' needs. I hope to be taught by him again in future units. Deffo recommend.	
1 	His ability to capture listeners was amazing. I always found myself amazed by everything he had to say and the way he captivated a room. his humour removed the stiffness and formality, allowing it to feel like a group catch up rather than just being talked at.NAME keep up the amazingness, I really benefited from your lecturing as I'm sure many others did, I can only imagine what it would've been like to have you as a tutor.	
0 	I don't want to sound racist, but I had a very hard time understanding this teacher, his accent is very thick and his grasp of English spelling is poor. I feel that his teaching capability was very good, but there were times where I felt unable to grasp what he was discussing until I went home and read it myself... I feel there was a definitive language barrier.	
0 	Seminars were pointless and felt unrelated to the topics we were learning They were uninteresting and by the end of the trimester we had hardly anyone attending because it was a waste of time	
1 	Very good teacher, very good at engaging in thought provoking discussions. But I found that he oversimplified assessments, making them seem easier than they were resulting in a distorted perception of the task.	
1 	Very very intelligent, great teacher, really gets his students to think critically about important issues	
1 	A very good teacher.	
1 	Always friendly and easy to approach, gives really good assessment advice and facilitates good discussion in seminars	
1 	Anyways engaging and encourages us to think critically about the content and criminal justice issues. Helped the class to achieve learning outcomes and motivated us to use the learning resources available. A very good teacher!	
1 	Awesome tutor! cant recommend her more highly, love attending tutes and would definitely prefer to have her in the future.	
0 	Despite the fact our tutorial group was rather tiny, I really loved working so closely with NAME Her energy and willingness to help really encouraged me to do my utmost best in the unit. I found that she was a really down to earth and funny tutor who really helped me to wrap my head around certain topics, I was also able to open up to her about future careers (which I feel is essential when looking at tutors, because you want people to have knowledge and understanding of the outside world). I believe she really helped make the unit amazing, and I feel I have gained a friend out of it!	
1 	Great teacher. She was really committed on helping everyone.	
1 	Great tutor, very approachable and love how she made an effort to learn everyone's NAME .Loved her teaching style and enjoyed the class discussions.	
1 	He was a very good teacher, provided us with everything we needed for the unit and made sure we understood everything.	
1 	I am very happy with the teaching standard in my seminars, it was insightful and interesting and i enjoyed the group discussions in class and the handout where we as a group could have a great discussion. It was very interesting to listen to others points of view, even if i didnt agree all the time.  Keep up the good work NAME! 	
1 	I found the teaching in this unit very engaging and helpful, any questions I had were always answered promptly and I felt the seminars were very engaging and definitely improved my success in the unit.	
1 	NAME was such a good tutor. I always loved coming to class and she was so interactive and inclusive with everyone there. It was always a big group discussion which made learning the weekly topic fun and easy to understand. I really enjoyed this semester and having NAME as a tutor.	
1 	NAME was the moderator for my AT2 group assignment. He introduced himself at the beginning and gave us some guidance 1/2 way through the project. Although I didnt have any personal contact with NAME he monitored and helped us stay on the right track with our assignment and this was really helpful.	
1 	She is a good lecturer on teaching in this unit. She provided me a good help when I faced some problems during my assessment time. She always advice students to work together during seminar classes. Also she was teaching effectively during every seminar classes and prepared us the useful learning materials during the seminar class.	
1 	She is enthusiastic :)	
1 	She was very engaging with students, and made us involved with hands on activities. Her lively personality and attitude towards teaching made me attending her seminars enjoyable.	
1 	Such an enthusiastic teacher and learnt so much from him! would highly recommend.Thanks for such an awesome trimester!	
1 	she is the best teacher and a best person i have ever seen. her teaching and interacting style is really very impressive. i would give her 10 out of 10.	
1 	Although I did not have NAME in any of my seminars, I was extremely grateful for the effort NAME put towards motivating students. At times you would see many students forget about assessment tasks but NAME was always sending messages through every platform available, whether this would be DeakinSync, Deakin email or facebook. This was especially handy as most students don't access their deakin email for long periods at a time.	
1 	As a Burwood campus student i do not have any physical contact with NAME However, all communication online has been greatly appreciated as i find him a very clear and understanding lecturer when answering any questions or issues i had throughout the unit. I personally watch all of NAME  prezi's online rather than attending the Burwood lectures. This is due to his engaging attitude and clear passion for the subject he is teaching.	
1 	Best lecturer in understanding the pragmatic issues that students make without punitive measures- we were given the opportunity to correct honest mistakes without penalty. Communication was excellent. Sets a very high standard for other lecturers.	
1 	Constant updates, attendance to email questions was excellent, interaction on cloud platforms was outstanding. In my opinion, NAME has ensured that this was one of the most effectively run units I have undertaken in my years of study.	
1 	Excellent Teacher! Explained well and was easy to contact when I needed support. He understood us (students) incredibly well and made our learning experience in UNIT extremely satisfying.	
1 	Excellent unit chair. Very understanding and always happy to help.	
1 	Great teaching style! I found NAME to be very engaging.  I liked that assessments were different from the usual.	
1 	I can honestly say that NAME NAME  has been the best teacher I have had at university so far. He is very passionate and very dedicated, which in-turn made me want to try harder. I very much enjoyed this unit and am not going to search if NAME NAME  is teaching any of my future units. I genuinely wish Mr NAME  taught all my units. I am a great admirer of his work also, so feel very blessed to have been taught by him.	
1 	I didnt have much contact with NAME apart from one cloud seminar about AT2 so that I could clarify a few things. He had lots of communication with students regarding his movements and when he would be online which was great. He wanted students to use their initiative and think for themselves which i thought was really great as other crim units tend to hand things to students on a silver platter. Very satisfied with the unit overall - although the assessments are too easy.	
1 	I have been very lucky to have such an intelligent and articulate lecture and unit chair as NAME for this unit. I have been suffering from several health conditions which have impacted on my ability to concentrate on y studies during the trimester. NAME  kindness and compassion, along with his excellent learning resources have helped me tremendously, and have kept me engaged and 'on track'. Thank you again NAME for sharing some of your real life experiences with us; for your professionalism and for your respect.	
1 	I think NAME does a really great job as unit chair with communicating with the students in the unit and also in providing and interesting range of engageing content.	
1 	Loved prezi's! were really clear and succinct, presented in an interesting way&didn't go off on tangents or unnecessarily go on for 2hours like other units.Helped b/c i started the unit Very late and genuinely enjoyed catching up (AT3 prezi was especially helpful). I also really liked how often it was mentioned throughout the unit that you were there to help,even the constant reminders to get into the AT2 assignments, (may seem small) but felt supported the whole way- even if i didn't end up using it, it was there(very reassuring) especially because i'm an anxious person. Really happy with it!	
1 	Makes lectures interesting as he is very engaging. Always sends personal emails for those who might not check cloudddeakin which would be a huge help to some people. Was very involved in assessment 2 and was approachable if there was any questions.	
1 	Never seen a guy so dedicated to his subject.	
0 	Prof NAME  was quite difficult to learn from. The many irrelevant emails sent to everyone were hard to keep on top of and rendered the whole DeakinSync experience fairly useless. Being away for the final week of our assessment was difficult and unexpected. Much of the lectures were filled with personal details, which whilst sometimes interesting, were largely irrelevant and not consistent with the set text. I did rather like the Gay Rights t-shirt though!!	
1 	NAME NAME  is honestly the best unit chair I have ever had during my time at Deakin University, he goes to the extra mile of sending emails to students which I think is great not having to constantly check updates on the cloud. He is understanding of what the students need and is willing to give extra help with assignments. He also is very quick to respond back to emails. Thank you so much NAME I have enjoyed this unit.	
1	NAME brought a different methodology of teaching. Thought provoking and engaging. It was not a stock standard checklist of things we required for our course but was a learning experience that required critical thinking and concepts of public and media perception that I will take with me long after the completion of my course.He was understanding and responsive of my personal circumstances and provided the necessary support. One of a few lectures from Deakin that I would say is a teacher of life and not just a subject.	
1 	NAME is a brilliant lecturer. It's very obvious he cares about his subject, and he teaches it in a way that is both interesting and informative.	
1 	NAME is a very supportive and communicative teacher and it's always a pleasure to have him as a teacher.	
1 	NAME is amazing!! Thoroughly enjoyed this unit all because of him.The way he records his lectures and responds to all emails and discussion posts immediately is amazing! I was inspired to do well in this unit because of him!	
1 	NAME is an amazing teacher, he makes it easy to learn because he is so enthusiastic about his work. He's always willing to help and will give you the benefit of the doubt in hard times.	
1 	NAME is an incredible unit chair! I loved how involved he was with everyone and would send emails to notify us on what is happening.I also found he was incredibly quick with replying to emails.	
1 	NAME is by far the best UNIT lecture I have had so far!Very prompt with responding to emails and happy to remark/give extra feedback for assignments.	
1 	NAME is one of the best Unit Chairs going around, constantly checking in with students and also providing updates on the procedure of marking and when he is available for consultation. 11/10!!!	
1 	NAME is such a dedicated teacher. I have been continuously amazed with his efforts as a unit chair. It is very obvious that NAME is deeply passionate as an educator and that he genuinely wants all students in this unit to achieve. He puts in so much effort to communicate with us and to provide us with the appropriate learning tools required to achieve. This unit has been very organised and interesting. The assignments we completed were creative and made learning very engaging. I would go as far to say that NAME is one of,  if not the best unit chair I have had in my 4 years at Deakin.	
1 	NAME provides a unique approach to learning and his enthusiastic about what he is teaching. He is approachable and knowledgeable.	
1 	NAME sets challenges which are confronting but does so in such a way that we are able to feel safe and supported. these challenges provide motivation to learn and to accomplish change in any way we can. NAME was also supportive of personal challenges i faced during this trimester.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher of this unit. He provided great information and made me start looking at crime and media in a different light.	
1 	NAME was quick and easy to get in contact with, making feedback and help with assignments easier	
1 	NAME  different approach towards teaching actually works really well for me, I like how he presents using Prezi and is very approachable. I also like how he updates us weekly with e-mails.	
0 	NAME  lectures were interesting however not always related to what were being assessed on.	
0 	Teaching style was fairly relaxed which made attending lectures so much better than every other lecture	
1 	Thanks to NAME for always being contactable and listening to the needs of the students.NAME appreciates that life happens while we are trying to study and was extremely approachable when needing to discuss any issues that arose.The communication was also outstanding - it was always made clear what our expectations were.	
1 	The enthusiasm and understanding of the lecturer to the media from personal experience really helped to not only enrich the content but made it more easily relatable and understnadable. A great lecturer to listen to in topical discussion.	
0 	There is little, to no room for improvement for NAME I found his methods and teaching, as well as organisation of the unit to be relatively perfect for the way I learn, thus achieving the results I desire.	
1 	Very dedicated and helpful. Passionate about the topic and made it interesting. Gave great advice and was very compassionate and understanding. I had to undergo surgery for my cancer treatment and he went above and beyond to make sure I was not disadvantaged in my studies and even sent emails to see how I was doing.	
1 	Very enthusiastic teacher and it is clear loves teaching the unit. NAME was also fantastic at communication with how well he relayed information through email and the cloud. However with the assignments provided by NAME it was difficult to understand what exactly was being asked of us. Also when queried these confusions were never cleared up and it was hard to know if you were actually completing a task correctly.	
1 	Very transparent methods, communicates often and overall engages students to ensure they can achieve ULOs	
1 	I have been lucky to have such an intelligent and articulate lecturer for a seminar facilitator, someone who challenged and engaged the whole group.	
1 	NAME is great! No complaint	
1 	NAME was very helpful in difficult circumstances.	
0 	The seminars were a little unstructured and I stopped going due to them not providing much insight into what we were being assessed on.	
0 	Whilst NAME is knowledgeable, she can sometimes be quite unapproachable and come acNAME somewhat rude and unhelpful. However, she still teaches well.	
0 	piece of shit teacher doent know what shes doing hate her guts	
1 	the availability and approachability of this lecturer made seminar work both enriching for the content but also for assessments. Tutor was very good with being able to link content with assignments and help consolidate the understanding for what is required for certain assignments when problems and queries arose. The interest and understanding of the topic was evident in the in depth thinking and conversations that were had and made for better understanding and learning.	He was a really great as my tutor/lecturer for this semester! I really enjoyed him taking the tuts especially, as he made them highly entertaining and clearly articulated the material and encouraged discussions. He was also quite good and helpful at addressing questions regarding the assignments.	
1 	His seminars were very helpful when it came to the assessments and the lectures were also informative	
0 	NAME is good as a tutor and certainly very likeable but sadly seemed to struggle during the lectures	
1 	NAME was a good teacher who was able to answer all of my questions and helped me to achieve good results throughout the course.	
1 	At first I was apprehensive about this unit- both its content and the group work involved. NAME was fantastic at providing a friendly and relaxed atmosphere which facilitated learning, conversation and the resolution of angst. NAME has both a huge knowledge and experience base which really helped us be clear on what we were learning. As the unit unfolded, both the content and the assessments became clearer, along with their rationale. Thank you NAME  for walking us all through this unit which was at times puzzling and stressful- you made it attainable and enjoyable :)	NAME is a great tutor. She listens to our issues and helps us with the group assignment. Wonderful job	NAME is a lovely, approachable teacher, however, she did a terrible job of teaching this unit. We spent hours discussing the assignments and most of our class was still unsure and they started their assignments incorrectly. When we asked for help she wasn't able to provide answers often. Or if she did they were incorrect (a class mate asked about the word count of the tables for assignment 2, she said that the tables were not included in the word count, but i had seen that NAME had previously said on the discussion board that they did.	
1 	NAME is an amazing tutor. She is so knowledgable and wants to get to know students personally which was really good to see. She was interested in what we were doing and this made her more approachable. She is a fair tutor and understands student perspectives. Great on the discussion boards for our AT2 and provided a lot of encouragement.	
1 	NAME was a good tutor, she tried her best to explain the content and the assessment tasks to the class.	
1 	NAME was a great help in the tutorials and was always happy to lend a hand.	
1 	NAME was an accomodating moderator for my group. She listened to our concerns about the assessment criteria which was contradicted by staff directions and was always helpful in responding to any queries. Her knowledge about writing research reports was extremely useful during this trimester and I thank her for her guidance and help.	
1 	NAME was helpful, and tried to steer my group in the right direction. At times there was a bit of confusion as to the advice she gave us; however, my impression was that based on the nature of the group assignment, confusion on all levels was bound to occur. She was very enthusiastic during the tutes, and I appreciated her continued input throughout the assignment.	
1 	NAME was very knowledgeable about the content during the unit and was a great help in achieving goals for the assessments. She was also very patient at times when students were confused or needed clarification. I was very happy with the teaching she provided this semester.	
0 	NAME would have to be one of the worst teachers I've ever experienced in all my years as a student. She tried her very best and that was evident in the way she made time for each student during class and on the group discussion boards. However, her knowledge on the assessments was not up to scratch and she often did not know what students were asking, which was evident because she couldn't answer most queries. I think she was enthusiastic and kind, and very understanding of the difficulties associated with group work, but her teaching was far from helpful.	
0 	I feel that NAME did the best she could do with such an awkward set up for the unit. She always took the time to discuss specific problems with individual students to ensure we all knew exactly what we were doing.	
0 	My moderator for the assignment. Would only ever look at the discussion boards if we emailed her. Even then, would take her ages. Her advice was not helpful. Things that she said were okay on the discussion boards were marked down for the in assignments. Really bad.	
1 	Really good tutor. Always willing to answer questions and suggest additional resources when necessary. Very responsive on discussion boards when overseeing our assignment.	
1 	She was wonderful for tutorials and helped with assignments. She also listened to what needed to be improved for the unit, which is a lot.	
0 	Unfortunately, I didn't like NAME le's teaching style.  i understand that she cannot cater to everyone's learning style but I found that the classes were not engaging, and I felt that things were not explained properly. Or once they were, you'd be confused about three other things.  NAME seems like a great person, and I've read some of her pieces and used them for essays and they're a great source of information but  yeah, I don't know.	
0 	Would be more effective if she got straight to the point about what she is trying to teach rather then dragging it out and confusing everyone	
1 	she was a fun and entertaining tutor who allowed the use of humour to help students feel more relaxed and free to ask questions	
0 	we should have been given the modules at the start of trimester so then it wasn't so confusing and all over the place in the seminars	
0 	As I have had NAME as a tutor before I was happy to know that he was going to be my tutor again for this unit. However, as receiving wrong information from him about AT1, i decided to move tutorials. While he is very attentive on the discussion boards, some of his posts come across a bit passive aggressive which i don't think is appropriate.	
1 	NAME was very helpful - our group work couldnâ??t have achieved a good grade without his guidance	
1 	NAME was very helpful throughout the difficult Assessment 2. He was always willing to help and step in when group members disappeared. His replies were also very prompt and I was very happy with the teaching.	
1 	NAME  NAME was a wonderful, approachable teacher. I don't think I would have made it through this incredibly stressful unit without his ongoing assistance and intervention.	
1 	NAME  was great as my group's coordinator, he really helped us out at a few points.	
0 	NAME  was vague and not overly helpful when approached for assistance. It would be helpful to be clear about what you can/can not help with.	
1 	Helped a lot with making sure we stayed on the right track.	
0 	I didn't have much interaction with NAME . I did however find some of his responses on the student board passive aggressive and unhelpful. NAME  probably needs to work on his MANNER particularly where communication is in writing and open for interpretation.	
0 	I felt at times during his supervision NAME could be somewhat patronising and blunt. I understand that he was trying to motivate the groups to complete their work on time, however this could have been accomplished with a much nicer tone. I also felt that in some communications NAME treated me as a child instead of an adult, which severely reduced my motivation to complete the tasks for this assignment. Although he has a good knowledge of the content and the assessments, I feel as though he can improve his communication skills.	
1 	I think NAME  did well in replying to our questions, especially with our group assignment, really promptly. However, gave us incorrect feedback for our AT1 & we thought we were allowed to add a particular element in the assignment that we weren't therefore we lost marks. In the future, it would be best if he outright told us if we could add an element or not.	
1 	Keep teaching! You did a stellar job and made the difficult class much more straightforward	
1 	Seminars with NAME  were extremely helpful and thoughtful. I wouldn't have done as well as I had without his guidance	
1 	Always ready to teach in class and gives informative content for us to learn. All topics of the unit were explained well and directions of the group work were clear. Overall, a wonderful experience this trimester.	
0 	Assuming this teacher plNAME d the unit I cannot say I am satisfied. The UC was sometimes unresponsive to requests for assistance (granted there were many questions given the ambiguity/incremental release of assignment instruction), or her responses were unhelpful. The stress of this unit was indescribable. The way it is weighted/graded is incredibly unfair.	
0 	Despite having thoroughly enjoyed this unit, it was difficult to complete assessment tasks effectively, as many learning outcomes necessary for completing assignments were approached one week before the due date. I feel that this should be done sooner than one week before the due date to allow for the most effective and cohesive completion of assignments	
0 	Doesn't seem to care about the students this year, only about next year. So much negative feedback in the discussion posts and she won't even do anything about it except say she'll try things differently next year. All this unit has provided me with has been unbelievable stress and a grade that I'm far from happy with.	
1 	NAME has been a great resource of knowledge for not only this unit but when I approached her in regards to questions relating to other units. She took on feedback in relation to this unit really well and delivered relevant knowledge in an attentive MANNER.	
1 	NAME is my favourite teacher so far! Her support and encouragement is outstanding! Thank u!	
1 	NAME provided fantastic feedback and guided our group through difficulties, without directly outlining what we should do. She provided direction and allowed us to come to our own conclusions. Obviously passionate about her field and provided an enjoyable teaching experience.	
1 	NAME was a brilliant teacher. She was always willing to provide extra help when it was required.	
1 	NAME was absolutely fantastic as a lecturer. her knowledge on research was outstanding and always came with experiences of her own to share. she was always willing to help out all students in the seminars with any questions they had or issues with the groups. NAME was also my groups consultant and was very helpful on discussions in our thread. She did not post often which i think was because our group was so well organised but i believe her to have been on top of any issues that other groups may have had. Extremely helpful and always engaging in seminars. Would recommend as unit chair again.	
1 	NAME was amazing at ensuring any student who needed help in class or with the assessment was helped accordingly, and overall did her best and a good job with the unit. Learning about a particular area of crime was really enjoyable and interesting.	
1 	NAME was great!	
1 	NAME was great! One of the best teachers I have had in COURSE. She was very enthusiastic and knew a lot about the subject, which demonstrated her ability to help students learn. She had changed the subject in the past to suit the students and took on board any feedback given to her which made the unit one that students could really work towards doing their best at because she had given us all the tools to be able to do so. She was great, I really enjoyed this unit and her style of teaching.	
1 	NAME was great! Very motivated and a great teacher! Always willing to help.	
1 	NAME was responsible for monitoring our group discussion thread. She responded quickly to any posts with helpful replies	
1 	NAME was very helpful in the seminars and tried to explain the asks as effectively and efficiently as possible.	
1 	Highly engaging when explaining expectancies of the unit, and how the assessments we completed interact to give us a holistic understanding of criminological research. 
1 	Very willing to provide constructive feedback, and resourceful in face-to-face interaction. Highly invested in promoting the best possible learning opportunities for students, and encouraging students to work to their highest capabilities such as recognising that not everyone is a natural student, and that some people need to work harder to achieve academic goals.	
1 	I appreciated that when I emailed NAME she replied promptly.	
0 	I didnt have anything to do with NAME at all in this unit. For me, she was a bit absent as unit chair on the general discussion boards.	
0 	I found the lack of direction in this unit incredibly frustrating, in particular the time it took for queries to be answered. In fact I had some questions directed to teaching staff which were never actually answered. I appreciate that there are a significant number of students taking this course but I don't find a lack of response acceptable. I did have to deal with NAME over the phone as a result of another student acting inappropriately within our group. She did try and assist myself and my group with a resolution, however I was dissatisfied overall with this unit.	
0 	I only had one interaction with NAME  I sent her an email with some questions regarding an assignment, she took a few days to reply and asked me to post my question in the discussion thread, I did. She waited a few more days and replied with 'yes'.	
0 	Need to possibly consider talking about the way that the writing of the research report is done as there was a number of people who it is their first time writing a report and there was a number of I's, we's, and our's used in the write ups. As I am a psych student I am under the impression that this is in correct and maybe a little note somewhere might help people to write it more accurately.	
0	On several occasions, I had asked for assistance from NAME and received no help but negative feedback. I was cornered into doing something in a group assignment after telling group members at the beginning I cannot do that role but can do another and when I spoke to NAME about it she was short, rude and told me I either do it or do an entire assignment on my own. I received no support from her at all this unit.	
0 	Overall, the unit lacked plNAME ing and clear direction. Assessment 3 required students to review a file that was uploaded on the 19th september. Corrupt files were uploaded and were not accessible... Despite emails being sent to tutors and unit chairs and discussions generated on the online threads, this was not rectified until the 23rd of September with no extensions given. This disadvantaged students affected by this greatly.	
1 	Really willing to help, very accommodating.	
0 	Regrettably, Dr. NAME  did not adequately structure this assignment fairly - in terms of work-load, and NAME allocation. The bulk of the unit is based upon an assignment worth 50%  - which was quite unreasonably a group mark, instead of an individual mark. My part of the assignment [even though I had to contribute elsewhere too] received good feedback (a 'D'). How fitting though, I receive a 'credit'-grade for my hard work? how fair is that? with respect, it wasn't fair. We were told during week 1 that there were problems with this unit a couple years ago; what changed? evidently not much.	
0 	Teaching of material during my time undertaking study for the unit was fine, there was not anything that particularly stood out as advantageous or disadvantageous compared to other courses that I have undertaken. Overall the teaching of the core content was average by all counts. I would like to have seen more engagement with the unit and class, as most activities seemed awkward and forced. When one of the assessments was about group work I would have enjoyed more activities that included the class as a whole instead of separate groups.	
1 	The consistent updates by NAME NAME  were extremely helpful	
1 	Was very flexible and willing to help those with difficult research groups- really tried to make the group-work experience as easy as possible which was very much appreciated!	
1 	Wonderful teacher. She is very reasonable and understanding - will help any student as much as she is possible. She had a strong understanding of the unit content, and was a great unit chair this trimester.	
1 	NAME is a very approachable lecturer who knows exactly what he is talking about and how to help students with their progress. His explanations of assessments were very helpful and clear.	
0 	NAME was an excellent lecturer, however sometimes seemed detached from his role	
1 	NAME was great in UNIT and was always open to helping. He was able to answer questions effectively and with great insight. He especially helped me out with career prospects and information on possible employers I had no knowledge on.	
1 	NAME was very knowledgeable about the issues with gaining employment in the criminological field, he also provided a good amount of information about how to overcome these issues should we confront them in our lives. He provided the students with a great deal of information in an interesting and concise way.	
0 	NAME was very knowledgeable and experienced, willing to answer any question, however, he sometimes came across as unapproachable. Even though willing to help and have meetings with students it seemed as though he didn't always want to - this was apparent through his lack of facial expression.	
1 	NAME  has been an excellent lecturer and tutor for this unit. He was able to explain himself clearly and smoothly with also providing an abundance of information that is very powerful in the world of COURSE. Even the nature of the unit itself is an excellent way for students I have thought to actually begin thinking about the future careers and 'life' after uni, whether it be study or employment. There is definitely value for students in doing this unit. I know I have and really learned much to do with my area of focus being cybercrime. So thank you so much for this experience.	
1 	NAME  is a very engaging lecturer and is always approachable.	
1 	NAME  is an excellent tutor & lecturer. He explains the assignments really well & is super helpful if you have any questions about the unit.	
1 	NAME  was clearly committed and passionate in making this unit, the best and most successful it can be. This was so obvious, and he is very well suited into teaching this unit.	
1 	Employment choices that were provided by NAME  were diverse and displayed a high level of consideration for some students who did not want jobs that were typically associated with COURSE. Well done on a successful trimester.	
1 	Fantastic teacher, no way would I have enjoyed the class as much or achieve the grades I aimed for without him	
1 	Highly approachable, enthusiastic, organised, provides clear, concise assignment instructions. One of the best UC's I've had throughout my degree.	
1 	I have had NAME  as a unit chair previously and his content and desire to inform students is incredible. I thoroughly enjoy his classes and this in turn has provided me with passion for UNIT as a whole.	
1 	I liked NAME 's teaching forNAME of short lectures and interactive questions.	
1 	I really enjoyed this Unit. I felt it challenged my thinking about what I want to become in the workforce and what I want to utilise my UNIT degree for when I'm ready to make my career change. I feel confident in my ability to gain employment in a social science field thanks to this Unit. The assessments were enjoyable and the lectures which included guest speakers were great.	
1 	I think NAME  does well to teach this as it is one of those things I feel students don't particularly think about. I consistently received feedback saying more research which I think is a prime example of not thinking truly in depth about the future of my career. I might think I have gone as deep in detail as possible, but nope! So I think NAME  does a good job of really trying to get students to go deeper in thought and research to get the most information possible to prepare them for their future careers.	
1 	Mr NAME  was quick to answer any queries online and was an approachable teacher.	
1 	Teaching provided by NAME  was excellent. all classes were clear and well set out and were straight to the point. all activities in class were great and related to each of the classes as well as the unit context. Very enjoyable class to be in!	
1 	The lectures were very insightful and informative. A pleasure to be in his class and learn about topics that will be useful for us in life after university.	
1 	This is my second unit with NAME  and once again, the teaching was excellent. Probably one of the best teachers I've had at Deakin to date. Great teaching style, quick to answer any queries and easily approachable.	
1 	This was by far the best unit I've done throughout my degree.  NAME  is engaging, super intelligent and just a great academic, he's definitely an asset to Deakin.  The style of this unit was so different and so engaging and so relevant to the real world which is what we need!	
1 	i absolute love being taught by NAME , i have no faults to comment on. He does a great job, we can really see and appreciate all the hard work he puts into his classes for everyone.	
1 	I also found NAME  to be insightful and a good point of contact, especially in my presentation.	
1 	NAME  was a great lecturer to listen to, like NAME, and he clearly understood the content His feedback for our presentations was clearly understood and will help with the next assessment greatly.	
1 	NAME  was a well spoken and knowledgeable individual. He was highly approachable, and provided answers to students where he could. When marking he seemed overly concerned with sparing the feelings of the presenter, rather than giving feedback that accurately reflected the NAME that was given, which was frustrating. Ultimately, NAME  was a highly engaging speaker, and provided much of the information required to be successful in the unit.	
0 	I thought that NAME  was a good tutor and was very helpful when answering my questions.She did seem a bit harsh at times though, particularly in the marking of assignments and when giving feedback to people about their assignment ideas. I talked to a few others who felt the same way. Rather than giving advice on how to improve or work around something, she was sometimes a little too blunt or dismissive.Overall though, I thought the content she provided was great and very interesting.	
0 	I was excited to work with NAME  at the beginning of the unit because she seemed lovely and she had never taught me before, however I later discovered how passive aggressive and patronising she can be. Throughout my presentation for an upcoming task I felt personally victimised and humiliated by her - she didn't like my idea and couldn't have been more openly critical and awful. Other class members clearly felt sympathy for me and defended my ideas as she criticised them. I walked out of the class half-way through and decided that would be the last visual art lesson I ever attend at Deakin.	
0 	NAME  is a really cool tutor who is passionate about what we're studying. Particularly with the installation project, he offered new ideas and willingly discussed any concerns I had. He is never critical about our work but instead offers productive insight into how we could add to the quality and depth of our work.	
1 	NAME  was helpful and always happy to provide feedback so we could better our folio and final piece ideas.	
0 	There was a lack of feedback in this unit. I felt like i had no idea how well or poorly i was doing the whole semester. NAME  is very knowledgeable, but we need graded marks earlier and clearly set up documents and guidelines available on the cloud regarding what we are doing in the assignment tasks, and weekly tasks.	
0 	I found NAME to be very passionate about his art and he tried his best to give constructive criticism to all students that asked for it. I did find that his marking was a little biased in that he wanted everyones work to look like his favourite German artists and for some of us this was not in our artistic nature. However, in saying this, I believe he marked fairly regarding technique, ability and effort. He also showed his appreciation for those that put in the effort and paid attention to his lectures and weekly instructions.	
0 	I sometimes felt at times instructions were not clear, however I enjoyed the workshops in this class. NAME taught us the traditional technique of perspective and observational drawing and painting when it came to space. NAME allowed time in class to speak with students and provide feedback on their concepts and ideas for major works. However, sometimes written feedback was vague. Overall I enjoyed this unit and I learnt a lot about remediating space and being able to collaborate an installation artwork with another student.	
0 	I was a bit NAME oyed that wen I asked what teh grey box task was NAME just said look threw another students folio so he didn'??t tell me what is was and I didnâ??t complete this part of teh journal and my friend and I didn't understand it and we ask and he didn'??t help us with it at all.	
0 	Like NAME , NAME can be very pretentious and condescending. Very little of the feedback and criticism provided by NAME is constructive and many people felt they lacked the confidence to progress further with ideas because he was so negative. During one lesson, we were given 10 minutes to come up with 6 ideas for our final piece and as NAME went around the circle, he didn't have one positive thing to say about anyone's ideas. Comments such as no that's soboring were said with no additional help to progress these ideas. Class numbers unsurprisingly significantly dropped by end of trimester	
0 	very negative on students and does not share vital assessment information.	
0 	NAME  is a good lecturer that is passionate about her artwork, however she tends to have her favourite students and focusses on their achievements over others (to the point of feeling ignored or disliked). Her feedback could also be a bit more constructive.	
0 	My evaluation above is for this particular teacher. She was extremely rude and very bad at teaching the class. her classes were boring and uninspiring and made you feel terrible about your artwork that you created. for a level 1 unit i was shocked with the work load that was put onto us. i was overworked, stressed, and even broke down in tears multiple times because of the stress this class caused me.	
0 	She's actually a really nice tutor. I actually prefer NAME  over my actual tutor, NAME NAME. I think it's because they shared a different scope of drawing and I like NAME 's way of teaching and materials more.	
0 	Teaching was good, but organisation of things like returning work was not always when she said it would be - i.e. posters. I know that there was issues with receiving them back from the dancers, but more communication while this process was going on would have been great, and allowed me to plan my time in a more constructive MANNER.	
1 	Amazing knowledgeable teacher		
0 	Beginning  trimester with NAME was fantastic, myself and fellow peers were excited about the unit once we had been introduced to world of art and its context by NAME.Abruptly our Tudor was changed as well as the teaching/learning style. Myself and close peer felt our freedom with our projects was taken and NAME  was very particular with exactly what she wanted us to produce, our 3 hour lecture time turned into much less practical time and a lot of listening time. I personally felt the time we were left with by the end of NAME 's lectures was unrealistic for me to produce quality work.	
1 	NAME  NAME was one of the best lecturers I have had. She was clear in her instruction, gave excellent advice and feedback on works in progress and inspired the artist within. NAME  was also very bubbly and made classes enjoyable. I hope she is the tutor for some of my art units in future.	
0 	the evaluation i gave for the class does not reflect this teacher. she was fantastic and made every class inspiring and fun! she was helpful with making your ideas turn into real artworks and was sympathetic towards the students. she knew what she was talking about and understood that every student has their own style that they work in.	
0 	I think he needs to be clearer when things are due,	
0 	We need graded marks. We have received no graded marks for the whole semester, leaving us in the dark on how well or poorly we are performing. Tasks and due dates were not clear, with people full on missing due dates and not completing tasks because what was stated on the cloud was different to what we were briefly told in person.Set out documents on the cloud would fix this.	
0 	Whilst NAME  had a lot to provide in terms of his own knowledge and experience, I feel that the unit could have been improved if he had been more engaging and approachable with his students.	
1 	Engaging and great teacher, i am 100% better than when i started	
1 	Teaching skills are not satisfactory as the tutor himself is unorganized as he does not post resources or notices on the cloud to notify student when he was away and did not turn up till class is it took us half an hour to find a notice board turned away saying won;t be in todayThe assignments itself has no sense of direction and does not provide a basic guideline or idea for students to approach the work except hand in all in-class work and produce a final without a brief.  This unit does not teach the basics of drawing instead, a set of skills are expected to have beforehand.	
0 	This unit is advertised as a way in which to   Develop skills. However students that were/are not as developed at others, were treated like idiots by this teacher. We were aware we were not as good as the other students in the class, however we were there to learn and 'develop!' But because I did not feel comfortable coming to class and experimenting with different techniques at home, as they were scathingly jeered at. You don't need to tell me I'm bad at drawing. I know. That's what I took the class for.	
1 	NAME  has been professional in her teaching and able to respond to both practical and theoretical components of the unit.	
1 	NAME  pushes us out of our comfort zone and makes us learn more by doing so.	
0 	NAME  was a lovely and kind teacher during this unit. However I felt lost throughout the unit but I felt if I asked for help she would lead me into the opposite direction of which my work was heading. This happened multiple times which would leave me very upset and stressed about which direction my work was heading. There was just too much interference.		
0 	Feedback caused more confusion, and was very subjective to the teacher's opinion rather than improving work for student's own benefit and successful outcome.	
0 	There is not really much teaching involved, talking is brief, feedback too, there is not visual material, no practical activities, no history of art, no explaining of techniques and history.	
1 	NAME is engaged and dedicated to help achieve a personal best and exceed it.Professional and astute approach to any question I asked. I am grateful for the privilege of sharing my ideas and projects with him .	
0 	While NAME is lovely, there is very little actual teaching in this unit. One initial lecture and no others was not enough to give me a foundation on which to build and continue to build. I feel I learnt nothing, but wasted my money, as I had no more knowledge coming out than I had going in.	
1 	NAME is an excellent lecturer. Her insight, knowledge, wisdom, and support is paramount. By drawing her own practice and the litany of artists working in social practice, she demonstrates an excellent scope of what the public sphere can be/become/provide.She is incredibly approachable and advocates for students when faced with obstacles (i.e - security and facilities personnel)	
1 	NAME was always very honest and willing to repeat what she said and to offer more help, She is a very kind and easy to understand person. NAME is a person who is humanly trained to reach all, I feel this because although my English is sometimes difficult to understand she was always willing and pleasant to understand, always giving value to my own ideas and supporting them with the ability to complement with their experience. I am grateful for her teaching of her and dispocicion always.	
1 	NAME was extremely helpful and patient, which was particularly important given the rather mixed feelings I have for this unit. She was easy to approach, and was wonderful to speak to and negotiate projects and progress with. I felt that Fiona's teaching was very beneficial to the unit.	
0 	It seemed as though the unit structure confused the students and it also perhaps confused NAME - even though this was the case, NAME was incredibly calm and understanding when we asked heaps of questions and was always very honest with us so we didn't feel silly. NAME was always encouraging and kind and really seems to be passionate and dedicated to this subject being improved and successful so that students can have a valuable experience whilst studying it.	
0 	NAME was an ok teacher. Overall she new how to instruct the students on what to do. The only draw back is that she spent too much time making everyone present their ideas to everyone in three seperate classes. For the few students such as myself who attended every week it became frustrating that we had minimal practical sessions and instead had to present the same ideas to the class on 3 seperate occasions. overall she taught the subject well enough and pushed the students to succeed	
1 	Her experience and knowledge of illustration and publishing.	
1 	Very patient with students, and takes time to evaluate and guide through everyone's work.	
0 	Knows what he is talking about. However, I sometimes wish he would slow down a little to allow for me to catch-up and understand.	
0 	NAME  is consistent, and available. However due to not being in our group discussions, or only seeing bits and pieces of work -- can give confusing, or hard feedback - that doesn't completely relate.	
1 	I found NAME 's input challenging but ultimately very helpful.	
1 	NAME has been a reliable, positive teacher in this unit. Very encouraging and supportive of everyone's individuality when it comes to their work. His feedback is always helpful and uplifting.	
1 	I find NAME feedback to be very useful and his vast experience in the arts is very helpful.	
1 	NAME  is a wealth of knowledge, and provides useful and relevant feedback. Clarity needs to be provided around the assessment requirements of the unit in the initial weeks, as well as an elaborately outlined weekly plan which demonstrates the allotment of time to in class activities and the content of these classes.	
1 	NAME  is an experienced professional who has helped us to associate our practice in tertiary study with our potential careers. However, our four hour classes were often spent in a fairly one-way lecture and there was hardly any time allowed to work practically in the studio. Since ACTION was the focus of the unit, the dominant discussion of theory didn't serve the prac-heavy outcomes of the unit and the class would have been better spent ACTIONING. In addition, there were many details about tasks that were released as little as one day in advance of a deadline and feedback was often delayed	
1 	NAME  was very professional in his manner of teaching and had a lot of knowledge about art practice which helped students feel more confident in him. He taught clearly and concisely and provided assistance and resources for students when needed.	
1 	NAME  is a very nice person and in good manners, sometimes a little difficult to understand, (Personally). With the passage of the days in the unit I think that I can understand the teaching formula of this teacher.In the end I managed to finish with a work that was honestly started without a real proposal, but through the guide and some corrections of the teacher managed to find the desire and the integration of my ideas, to the proper result, being this a very good result, making me feel happy with it.	
1 	NAME  has so much knowledge about research methods, its inspirational. She is also available and helpful when there are any questions or issues with assessments.	
0 	NAME  is a very good researcher and have an extensive experience in her field. However, somehow I feel that she is too smart for her students that many times we don't understand what she's talking about. She has made the resources very well but she doesn't discuss and explain well.	
1 	Extraordinary researcher, and an enthusiastic teacher.	
1 	Great teacher who really cares about our learning.	
0 	Needs some help with time and course work management. And could possibly be more polite and understanding towards students. Otherwise a good teacher with lots of enthusiasm. Showed a lot of initiative by organizing guest lecturers.	
1 	Really helpful and understanding	
1 	Very polite and helpful, even though she seems to have a lot on her plate.	
1 	Very sweet and helpful, also has amazing teaching skills, online sessions were very helpful , made sure that the concepts were clear.	
1 	very cooperative	
1 	Always ready to help students with any issues, and gave valuable feedback on the unit assignments.	
0 	Didn't have a lot of interaction with him as he joined mid sem and had limited interaction with students. Seems like someone who could be a good professor and definitely much better in explaining theoretical and complex concepts.	
1 	Helpful and well organized.	
1 	Really helpful!	
1 	I really appreciated NAME 's enthusiasm for the subject and experience that she bought to her teaching. She worked hard to engage us on the discussion board (e.g. responding to posts with more questions and always replied). Even if I didn't always post on the discussion board, these questions still stimulated further thought and reflection.	
1 	Practical straightforward style and very helpful and responsive	
1 	NAME  NAME is a fantastic teacher. I have always enjoyed the unit's she teaches. NAME  goes out of her way for her students & is very approachable for an online unit. Despite being away on conference leave for the last couple of weeks of the semester, NAME  consistently maintained contact & was in communication with students about her whereabouts & any explanations for delays in responding to emails, discussion posts etc. This was greatly appreciated & I acknowledge NAME  for her dedication & maintaining her communication with her students during this time. Thanks NAME  for a great semester!	
1 	NAME  is a fantastic tutor/lecturer and is always willing to provide feedback and follow up our responses with questions to get us thinking more about how we can implement community development into the work that we're doing, or planning to do.	
1 	NAME  provided a very high quality of teaching and made every tutorial and topic very thought provoking, especially relating the assignments to working in the field.	
1 	NAME  was great, always trying to get everyone communicating and discussing ideas together. She was very willing to be contacted with questions or concerns and was quick to respond.	
0 	Whilst I found NAME  to be knowledgeable and encouraging, there were a few circumstances where I felt the quality of the unit was compromised. Her internet at home obviously didn't work well enough and she dropped out of many of the Blackboard sessions, sometimes the powerpoints didn't flow very well, quite often students weren't responsive to discussion even though she seemed to be planting questions and strategically encouraging it. She was also unavailable for part of the Blackboard sessions due to travel. She didn't write the essay questions so couldn't give constructive advice.	
1 	I enjoyed listening to NAME  in the videos and webinars. She is a considered, respectful and engaging teacher.	
1 	I really liked how NAME  established a learning together culture in this unit.  Even though she is so knowledgeable in this area she never discredited comments we made but rather encouraged us to engage with the material with a no wrong answer approach.	
0 	NAME 's guidance was excellent and helped me navigate through the course. The webinars were extremely helpful, although I suspect some people (myself included) struggled to get through the prep work for them each week.  But they are so useful for online students - please don't stop them!  Maybe have one every three weeks or at the end of each learning block?	
0 	The videos posted by NAME  each week were very helpful. Emails and questions were not always answered.	
1 	NAME  is a great teacher and is very knowledgeable and responsive. Thanks NAME  for another great trimester.	
0 	The first half of the unit included live learning sessions which were really useful for a number of reasons, including sharing learning with others, encouraging preparation and reading of material, etc. I was disappointed that they didn't continue for the enter unit.	
1 	I really enjoyed NAME 's style of teaching during blackboard sessions, her questions really made me think and we were encouraged to talk through our answers & share experiences. She integrated several case studies and her own experience in the field which was really useful. It's disappointing more students didn't join the blackboard sessions or post on the cloud. NAME  was very supportive with 1:1 emails and Skypes.	
0 	When requesting students to indicate if they were attending BlackBoard session NAME  needs to give more notice. There was one request  sent the day of the BlackBoard. As this is an online course with students who work, have families and other commitments, she needs to be more orgnasied and give 5-7 days notice.All reference links need to be checked before the subject goes live to students.There needs to be incentive for students to engage with each other similar to the model that UNIT utilises. The lack of interaction in UNIT was difficult and isolating	
1 	NAME  has been absolutely fabulous this trimester. She is the most dedicated, attentive and considerate unit chair I have come across. She went out of her way to ensure that we were all having the best learning experience possible. She was more than happy for us to contact her with any questions or concerns and didn't rest until she was sure we got an answer that satisfied us. I have greatly enjoyed my learning in this unit because of NAME , and am so lucky I got to have her as my unit chair.	
1 	NAME  is very knowledgeable and a positive teacher.	
1 	Dr NAME was very clear in BB sessions and provoked independent thought. She went 'above and beyond' when I asked for some help, and her posts to students generally were also very helpful.	
1 	Loved the interaction with video notes and incorporating visual material. Blackboard sessions were helpful, even though I couldn't make any because of the timezone. NAME was attentive and passionate about her role this semester and it really showed in the quality of teaching.	
1 	Provided great and useful feedback. Was interested in student views and helpful in Black board sessions.	
1 	NAME structured the tutorials really well for those who were not able to participate at the allocated time. The topics were always very relevant and extremely thought provoking.	
1 	NAME was an excellent teacher - very well organised and available to answer queries. Clear about her availability and expectations. Gave great overviews and direction of the assessment tasks. Great to have all the learning material up from the start also.	
1 	NAME was fabulous!  Knowledgeable, friendly, engaging.  She brought her own wealth of experience to our teachings and it added such value.  She was also always encouraging and supportive of seeking student input and involvement, even for those of us who feel a little inadequate and inexperienced in the COURSE field.I wish I'd had more time to be able to engage in the subject because it was interesting, enlightening and really well delivered.  Thanks NAME!	
1 	The casual nature of NAME made the lecturers engaging and interesting. Her knowledge on Kenya provide a rich background to the content. She was also amazing with feedback, providing in depth and useful advice.	
1 	This is one of the best units i have taken. NAME was SO well organised, she really went above and beyond and the resources were current and comprehensive. Her knowledge of the content was amazing.	
1 	the seminars were always well prepared. The unit materials were easy to find, and NAME was quick to respond to every question	
0 	NAME was knowledgeable and a good teacher, however, I felt like he wasn't organized well enough - we often got our weekly study guide late (at times up to 8 days late - ie week 5 study guide on the tues of week 6). This made it hard to plan our studying. I am studying online as I have a lot of other commitments and so it is important to have the resources available at the start of the semester or at least on the week they are due.I also found that questions that were posted online weren't answered promptly.	
0 	It is clear that NAME has a wealth of knowledge in this area however at times, his availability seemed limited -sometimes responses to emails or discussion boards were quite slow and weekly readings were put up later than the week we were up to. I managed ok with this but it would be better if at least an outline/some base resources for each week could be displayed from the start of the trimester and then add in more recent references as we go along if necessary.This would make it easier for online students to plan their time management	
1 	Really great practical examples and the guest speakers were great. Thank you.	
1 	NAME  taught the unit well, using his past experiences as examples, which I learnt a lot from. I liked the way NAME included simulations to use throughout the week.	
1 	NAME was great.  He was very knowledgeable and helpful.  The greatest quality was that NAME didn't provide answers or quote what is and what is not.  NAME allowed the students to collaborate and discuss to find a solution by themselves.  He then provided insight into positive situations or criticism of these solutions where needed for further discussion.	
1 	This unit was an intensive and NAME did a great job in leading the learning sessions and also brining in relevant experts to take us through various sessions. The simulation was well designed and had the right balance of intensity along with supported learning to ensure that the outcomes of the unit were well met.	
1 	I really love NAME s teaching style. He knows what he's talking about and is genuine.	
1 	As I stated above, I am overall satisfied from the unit and the quality of teaching. While there are still space for improvements. The teachers should have been more in contact with the students and ask what their problems and issues are specially while working on the assignments. In the online tutorial the teacher's availability was very positive while in some occasions internet availability and speed was a big issue.	
1 	At times spent too long in online tutorials outlining administrative tasks and requirements, rather than focussing on unit content.Is obviously motivated and enthusiastic about her role.	
1 	I have really enjoyed the depth and diversity of content, particularly the range of guest lecturers.	
1 	I think she was able to support the students in a timely manner. I also liked her understanding and flexibility to offer support whenever it was asked for, like extension to submission of assignments when a student like myself had problems.	
1 	NAME  NAME ,she has been very usefull to me, she has been freindly, patiate, encouraging, more especially  when it comes to my side who is having little knowalege with computer skills. she used to upadate us, and always evailable in case you have some issues to ask and answer more. she directs you, what to do and some times she used to reffer you to the a person who is responsible in case the question is not in her area.she used to show you where you have went wrong and how to correct it. she articulates her points well and professional and she motivates you in order to achieve the best.	
1 	NAME  has been outstanding throughout the course. She has given feedbacks on all the blogs and has given  equal opportunity to all the students when it comes on asking question during lecture. As all classes were remotely which Is normally difficult to manage but she has don't it outstandingly.	
1 	NAME  is an amazing teacher. I would not have made it this far were it not for her understanding of my operating context while on deployment. Other than this individual support, she is also very well organised and responsive. She manages to be very professional and approachable at the same time, a great combination for someone facilitating learning. She is easily the one person that has made the unit work to date.	
1 	NAME  was approachable, inclusive, encouragingly at all times.  I greatly appreciated and valued her support	
1 	NAME  was particularly great at encouraging online discussions.	
1 	Thanks for being so responsive and understanding to me and other students. You have been very acessable and helpful in gouding us forward. Thank you!	
0 	The only comment for consideration is that there were discrepancies between the assignment task marking sheets and the information provided in online sessions.  These were on fairly minor details such as work limit (1,000 on one sheet; 1,200 on another).  I was also surprised that an additional marking criteria was released (Assessment 3 Story Board Information) was released a week before the due date of the assignment.  I had already submitted by the time this was released so did not have the advantage of this guidance.	
1 	NAME NAME  was very helpful in all communications of my teaching needs throughout the 2nd trimester. NAME was friendly very knowledgeable in the UNIT study area he taught us.	
1 	NAME has provided a high standard of teaching throughout the unit. He has successfully provided a broad overview of Australian history in an interesting manner and with ease. NAME has an outstanding knowledge of the content he teaches, and is always willing and able to answer questions.	
1 	NAME is by far the best teacher i have had throughout my 3 years at uni! he was enthusiastic, very knowledgeable and just genuinely a great person & teacher. His feedback was also excellent and punctual.  He actually makes learning history enjoyable and has inspired me to look into further study in this field.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher who taught me lots of interesting knowledge and for the first time in my life has made me interested in Australian history! He knows everything and is really nice.	
1 	NAME was a very nice teacher for this unit. Gave appropriate feedback that made me feel confident with how I was completing my assignments.	
1 	NAME was very helpful and answered emails promptly.	
1 	NAME  passion for teaching History was evident from the first lecture. His enthusiasm towards each topic of focus was engaging and the classes really helped in further exploring the weekly topics as well as preparing for assignments. I thoroughly enjoyed studying History and believe that NAME should be commended for the hard work and dedication he puts into every class.	
1 	Could not fault NAME. He was very organised and made it very easy and interesting to learn.	
1 	Helpful at all times, really liked the weekly letter and answering the weekly question , my favourite.  Good to read other students remarks. Also found NAME 's weekly audio terrific as it made you feel like you were in the lecture room.	
1 	Very clear assignments and gives great feedback to help improve future assignments	
1 	really good teacher, explains each topic well and is always willing to help in lectures or in the seminars.	
1 	very good teacher keep up the good work, I really appreciate your feedback to better myself. thanks heaps	
1 	Please keep NAME on for next year and beyond.	
1 	NAME  as my Tutor was engaging for each of the weekly seminars, allowing for lots of group discussions in addition to teaching us and writing down notes made easier to complete the seminar questions. He was able to talk about his personal experience regarding some of the weekly topics which made it easier to understand what it was like in  Australia during those times.	
0 	NAME  did an okay job at teaching this unit, i don't blame NAME  for my lack of interest an understanding of this unit, i really just suck at history. Although, I do believe that if the seminars weren't just going over the readings i am sure i would have liked them a lot more. The way we had NAME  tags so he could call out one of us at random to answer questions was awful as i really don't enjoy being put on the sport - especially for a subject i don't enjoy. Some times it felt like he already expected us to know what he was trying to teach us which i find a real bizarre way of teaching...	
1 	NAME  is a very passionate and knowledgable tutor who questions and challenges his students often. His passion and drive for history, in particular the period of study, motivated me to do well and achieve my best in this unit.	
1 	NAME  was very knowledgeable and was keen to answer any questions.	
1 	I found NAME  very motivating. He seems very passionate about the subject. He always had time to go over anything required.	
1 	Really engaged the class, good at what he knows	
0 	Studying UNIT was one of the most difficult units I have learnt this Trimester because of English as my second language and I was very lucky to have access to my Auslan interpreters and notetakers who was able to clarify everything in a very basic English for me and I did struggled a few times with the essays but I did find the unit fascinating with so many different information from different eras and I appreciate NAME , for his acknowledgement and support with me in this unit. Thank you, NAME .	
1 	Very energetic, great class engagement, makes class more interesting	
1 	Very knowledgable, deep understanding of the topic and gave great thinking points on topics	
1 	NAME  is amazing! I have loved taking this unit due to his enthusiasm and the way he structured his classes. He clearly detailed ways to help us with the assessments, and the feedback he provided on assignments was detailed and thorough, but still with positive feedback to encourage us. He is excellent.	
0 	NAME  is lovely and very helpful. Felt like he assumed we knew more than we did about the topics, which seemed to be common with tutors in this unit. I really struggled with the accent, which made it harder to understand topics at times, especially if I was already struggling. However he is so kind and helpful I could overlook it and was happy to go over a few things with him or myself.	
1 	NAME 's activities in seminars helped me to further understand the content, and his feedback on work gave enough detail to enable me to see what I had done wrong and where I could improve.	
1 	NAME 's knowledge and his feedback on my essays are very helpful. His seminars are well structured and very interesting, I like attending his seminars.	
1 	Fast paced. Covers all aspects of the course in depth.	
1 	Great seminar professor, NAME  went very indepth to ensure all students understood EVERY topic.	
0 	Very informative but a little intimidating	
1 	Very knowledgable and shows passion in teacher UNIT.	
0 	sometimes i find that the teaching can be a bit confusing	
1 	Although this teacher was good and obviously had impeccable knowledge of the unit.  Most seminars were a run down of the lecture that students should have already watched - which made the seminars feel somewhat unnecessary.	
1 	Great, Enthusiastic teacher	
1 	It was clear NAME  had a passion for the unit and always made an extra effort to educate the class by sharing her own perspective of the topics. NAME  shared some fantastic tips for essays. However, I felt her marking was extremely harsh as I am an education student, therefore do not have the depth of skills for academic writing like a history student would. I also found that I often deserved a higher NAME for my work, as her feedback was mostly just about grammar and structure. She often provided her opinion of what I should have added instead of critiquing what I had done.	
0 	NAME  is a wonderful teacher, however I think she is a very harsh marker, as a first year education student I though my essay deserved a better mark, which was disheartening for the rest of the unit.	
1 	NAME  is very helpful and gives a lot of constructive advice for our assignment.	
0 	NAME  was engaging but she did not focus a lot on each assignment to work on before they were due.	
1 	NAME  was very accommodating and helpful in terms of seminars and assignments. Sometimes the seminar would seem like a repeat of the lecture and didn't offer much new information on the topics.	
1 	NAME  was very approachable as a tutor. She gave some helpful feedback on our work. The discussions during class were interesting. I really enjoyed this class. The idea of Visions was a great way to learn about UNIT.	
0 	Often would incorrectly describe periods in history, was very harsh on marking, continually told students how poorly they performed on assessment tasks with inadequate comments on the assignment, left wondering where you went wrong. Not rude or mean, but nothing was explained properly, and spent too long covering lecture slides for people who did not attend the lecture.	
0 	She was good- she went over the lecture each week which would be good if we had 2 hour seminars but because they're only 1 hour it took up unnecessary time doing work people should have done in their own time	
1 	The teacher for this unit was very good and teaching resources were well prepared.	
1 	Thoroughly enjoyed my time is class, only wish was for the seminars to last longer as we only had time to discuss the lectures which were widely unattended by others in the class	
1 	helpful with assignments	
1 	very engaging and interested in the work and every topic. helpful during seminars	
1 	Detailed explanation of topics and easy to understand.	
1 	I adored NAME Enthusiasm during the unit. She had an amazing wealth of knowledge and was able to deliver it to the class clearly and concisely	
1 	I found NAME engaging in lectures and seminar. She was very easy to approach and helpful toward tasks in class.	
1 	I really engaged with NAME teaching style. Her succinct lecture slides, accompanied by the class discussions during the seminars helped me to glean further information about the weekly topics, due in part to the thoughts or opinions of my fellow students. Her enthusiasm for the content and her vast knowledge of UNIT made the class one of the highlights of my timetable.	
0 	I was very displeased with the professionalism of this teacher, she was unresponsive to emails sent regarding assignments. She admittedly marked to criteria outside of the marking rubric, was unclear and abrupt in feedback. The feedback given in class regarding assignments was consistently negative rather than being constructive and came across as being rude.	
1 	NAME NAME  was always very approachable and answered any inquiries of mine.	
1 	NAME was a fantastic teacher to have. In a sometimes disruptive class, she was always able to get her point across clearly. NAME was always there when I needed advice about assignments or any topics. Her wisdom and knowledge in the subject was incredible and inspiring. Her feedback in assignments helped me to improve across all of my subjects. NAME is a very understanding person, and her support during the trimester was truly appreciated. I really enjoyed her classes and hope to be taught by her in the future.	
1 	NAME was a great teacher, I would consider doing another history unit if I knew she would be a teacher. The lectures were excellent, I thoroughly enjoyed being there rather than listening /watching online. NAME is quite captivating in the classroom.	
1 	NAME was extremely informative and helpful regarding all topics.  NAME showed passion for the topics within the unit and her depth of knowledge.  NAME gave clear direction on what was expected from all assignment tasks.	
0 	NAME was lovely. I just found with feedback from assessments needed to be a bit extended. That's not her fault at all. I disliked second week where we were expected to discuss our own ideas of the weekly topic. But from then on NAME contriuted the whole class giving us ideas on what should be included.	
1 	She was really detailed in events and taught in a way that all students could understand. I personally struggle with UNIT and she has made it enjoyable and I have learnt quite a lot.	
1 	She was such a good teacher! I felt very encouraged to do my best because she taught so well and pushed my class.	
0 	Teacher has great knowledge of all the topics and gave great insight. however teacher did put fear into student when stating that she failed many students and it was the cross marking that saved them. Without meaning to singled out students by have a list of the board of what topic questions were answered well, she said that everyone whom answered, the bush legend did a terrible job, poorly written. publicly shaming those students, she did not use NAME s however in a group seminar most people knew what topic others had chosen. Over all though a great learning experience.	
1	Very critical and strong feedback, could be more consistent with what she says in her assessment feedback compared to class discussions. Very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject	
1 	Was passionate about the unit and was an engaging lecturer and tutor who communicated the information clearly.	
1 	Went into detail about each topic week helping us to understand our weekly questions better and help with our essay questions.	
0 	Needs to improve on time management within classes Could possibly implement more activities rather than discussion-based tasks for students	
1 	I found that the seminars were only useful to get the weekly questions and even after attending the seminars I would still have to research all the information myself in order to answer the question from that week	
0 	I found the seminars were very off topic to what we were learning each week. It didn't particularly further my knowledge due to this. Due to finding the seminars pretty useless, I became very unmotivated to come to class at all.	
1 	I really enjoyed this class with this teacher.  He is very knowledgeable and good at drawing information from students so that they are learning beyond remembering but critically thinking and making connections.	
1 	NAME tried very hard to engage all students in the seminars, individually posing questions in order for everyone to participate in discussion.	
1 	NAME was extremely helpful throughout the duration of this unit. I would be happy to have him as a teacher in the future! He made class fun, insightful and entertaining!	
0 	Time was wasted each class by NAME , I honestly learnt nothing from going to his classes and went to minimal classes to get the seminar questions for the assignment. I was not motivated to learn the content on my own as I do not enjoy history so was relying on the seminars to help teach me and help me learn. Thoroughly disappointed.	
1 	keep on track more and discuss the weekly seminar questions in more depth	
1 	A very engaging seminar each week. Great feedback on assignments.	
1 	Amazing, very knowledgable and helpful!	
1 	Approachable and very informative	
0	Both lectures and tutorials held by NAME  were not engaging and seemingly failed to offer any relevant information. The written feedback for assignments failed to provide any constructive information as to how to improve for future assignments, furthermore the feedback provided implied that my interpretation of the topic at hand was incorrect, this was done with no explanation or guidance by any of the lecture or tutorial materials.	
0 	Feedback on work was inadequate, there was no clear direction for how I could improve my work. Consisted of comments such as 'really???'.	
0 	I feel as if the content in which we discussed in our weekly classes could have been discussed in more depth, I feel as if I wasn't learning much at all in majority of the classes that I attended.	
0 	I felt NAME  was a very knowledgable teacher, very nice and gave good feedback on work etc, however I found sometimes the tuts were unhelpful as majority of the time she would propose the class with questions and there were many silences. Sometimes it would have been better for her to inform the class as a whole and tell us the information, rather then always just asking us the questions. I understand this is a way of getting us to think about things and have done the readings beforehand. But we come to tutes to get help and answers of the teachers, not to have them ask us the questions	
0 	Lectures were sometimes hard to follow, and recordings always had loud and sudden noises from the microphone (occasional coughing, rubbing hands/clothing, sniffling/sneezing) that were jarring and made it hard to concentrate on what was being said.	
1 	She was great	
1 	She was very engaging.	
1 	NAME  as both a lecturer and seminar instructor was great. I liked that we were able to brainstorm the weekly questions during seminars as a class. Content was clearly delivered and well structured, with relevance of earlier topics pointed out during both lectures and seminars.	
1 	NAME  as my lecturer was very good, the information on the slides was the perfect amount, and I liked how the slides were separately uploaded to cloudDeakin after each lecture. She explained things clearly during the lecture and was passionate about the topics, which made it easier to stay focused.	
0 	NAME  did very well in teaching this subject especially at the 8 am lectures, as tiring as these usually are, when i went she made the information very clear and more interesting than in my seminar which falls shortly after. As much as i don't like UNIT NAME  made it bearable.	
0 	NAME  is a lovely person who knows her stuff however she often leaves the tutorials open to students to speak which at times isn't very helpful. There was no introduction with the student in the seminar and this made it very difficult for students to feel as though they can answer questions in front of the class because we were all practically strangers. At times the tutorials appeared to lack structure as most of the time it was spent with NAME  waiting for an answer in dead silence. It was my most boring and less stimulating seminar due to NAME  constantly waiting for her students to speak.	
1 	NAME  knows her stuff. She is incredibly knowledgeable about the unit.Our class discussions were mainly upheld by NAME  and one or two other students, and when the class was asked a question, there was complete awkward silence before someone answered. Perhaps NAME  could make this less uneasy by making some suggestions, or running more interactive classes where people felt more comfortable to contribute.	
1 	NAME  was a very good tutor. She had lots of knowledge about the weekly topics, so was able to provide lots of help for us whenever we didnt understand topics. I liked how she gave us many tips to help us succeed in our assessment tasks, and always reinforced concepts covered in lectures every week.	
0 	NAME  was an adequate tutor but was also the lecturer. I was in NAME 's morning lecture and the same afternoon went to her afternoon seminar and was bitterly disappointed to spend another hour of the day being showed the exact same slideshow and given the exact same information that I was given in the morning, making it a complete waste of time turning up to both every day.	
1 	NAME  was extremely knowledgeable and initiated fantastic discussions within the classroom. I didn't like history in high school, but really enjoyed this unit. Probably the best tutor I've had this year.	
0 	NAME 's lectures were hard for me to follow. I have very little prior knowledge on this unit's topics and was hoping for a clearer explanation/presentation of ideas. I found she could be quite judgemental if you didn't know much about the topic or couldn't answer a question she directed at you. The information was presented by NAME , however could have been organised better.	
1 	NAME  was a really good teacher she had motivation to teach us and spoke clearly	
1 	NAME  is a very passionate teacher, whom has in-depth knowledge of the subject and can provide the class with great explanations and open up good conversations. However, a strength she could work on was considering students who are not as knowledgeable on the subject when talking about historic events and using historic terminology.	
1 	The amount of things NAME  knows about UNIT is amazing and I learnt so much from her.	
1 	Very engaging lectures.	
1 	Very informative. The 'visions' side of history was really interesting. This was one of my favourite subjects this trimester.	
0 	Could not read handwriting on the white board. Very unhelpful when you cant read the mystery seminar question...	
0 	harsh marker. but good teacher.	
1 	knew her content very well. was very approachable.Understandable that the classes are for discussion but wanted a bit too many answers off the students rather than teaching the content.	
1 	NAME was very helpful especially when I needed an extension due to having surgery	
1 	Passionate, insightful educator focusing in on the key outcomes and generating good discussion. Very helpful feedback for assignment marking.	
1 	The lecturer always gave useful feedback. His lectures covered a lot of information in a short forNAME which I found great as an online student. Lectures without students present avoids wasting time not hearing questions asked and useless chatter etc.	
1 	Very helpful, understanding and approachable.  Has a passion for teaching and this is evident through his weekly presentations, even if it's only to 2 students that have attended. Thanks for making it an enjoyable unit! :)	
1 	Always put a lot of work into lectures and made them really fascinating to listen to!	
1 	I really enjoyed this unit. I am three years into my degree and Mr NAME is one of the best teachers that I have had so far. He is knowledgeable, enthusiastic, caring and always willing to provide extra time for students.	
0 	Dr. NAME  is extremely knowledgable on aspects of UNIT of Australia, but students rarely got to learn about these. Dr. NAME  focused mainly on the City of Geelong for her teachings, not Australia ... I do not believe the learning outcomes were met as I have not learned about Australia, but Geelong. Dr. NAME  was helpful when probed for assistance, but feedback was delivered in a rude manner on Cloud, and no elements were ever given for improving. I do believe Dr. NAME  has the knowledge to teach an UNIT class but this course was centrally focused on COURSE.	
1 	NAME is a hard working staff and a good listener, she encourages us to ask questions even sometimes it's a silly question, she answers all questions even the ones related to UNIT. she always easy to approach and make me feel confident and focus on understanding the learning materials. although sometimes i miss some points that been mentioned during the lecture time, she usually make a quick revision about the week's lecture during the seminar time and she gives a plenty of examples and applications of the concepts that i found very helpful for practicing LANGUAGE.	
1 	Classes were engaging but NAME  sometimes worked too quickly through material which meant losing focus and understanding what part of the lesson we were trying to learn.	
1 	Enthusiastic about every lesson. Engages with students relentlessly to achieve a desirable outcome in their learning. Delightful and clearly puts preparation into the structure of each lesson.	
1 	I don't think I've had many teachers who were more engaging and willing to help me learn than NAME . She promptly replied to any questions you sent her, and she always went above and beyond when it came to helping me learn the material. I could not commend her enough for her efforts throughout the semester!	
1 	NAME  is a truly dedicated teacher. From the start she took time to explain key concepts. She is also very approachable and has made herself available for any questions we might have on the subject.	
1 	NAME  replied to emails really quickly when I needed help with understanding something and was really helpful. She explained things I didn't understand well. I didn't get to attend any seminars but NAME  seemed really lovely and patient when I did my oral tests.	
1 	NAME  was always patient and helpful whenever we failed to understand the lesson. She constantly gave us reminders and feedback, and pushed us towards bettering ourselves in each lesson.	
1 	NAME  was informative and easygoing, but I felt that she went too fast through each lesson and I missed important information.	
1 	NAME  would have made it easier for Cloud learners if she had delivered the lectures in a louder voice.  I always strained to listen.  Some of the lectures were extremely difficult to understand.	
1 	She is patient and consistent. She focuses on the key things that are integral in our learning in order to ensure that we have a strong foundation in the language. She is also very helpful and answers quickly any queries students' may have.	
1 	Extremely passionate, very helpful.	
1 	NAME  has become a more approachable teacher compared to last tri, and this made our classes together far more rewarding and enjoyable.	
1 	NAME  is a very kind yet thorough teacher. She does not move on to the next topic unless she knows that everyone understands to build on what has been done.	
1 	NAME  was a great teacher and responded to emails well	
1	NAME  was great, both academically and personally as she helped me overcome a number of personal issues I endured over the semester. Although, I couldn't fully engage with the unit, I was able to get as much as I could out of it, mostly thanks to her ongoing support.	
1 	NAME  was very helpful and flexible and easy to understand.	
1 	Never change, NAME .	
1 	One of the most supportive, helpful and caring teachers I've ever had. It is evident that she really cares about her students, an has a deep appreciation for the subject that she is teaching to us. She explains everything with clarity to the best of her ability, and makes her classroom a comfortable place to ask questions. I think she is an incredible teacher who has very little to improve upon.	
1 	made the unit interesting and easy to follow	
1 	I dins ir	
1 	NAME is very passionate in teaching which shows in the classroom. She puts in much effort and considers every student to help the best she can according to each students capabilities and needs.  She is also very effective in her teaching methods as what is taught is often clear and the consistency in her method helps. Also, she appreciates feedback well and puts in effort to improve classes. Overall pleased with NAME' teaching for this unit.	
0	NAME NAME was great, she clearly stated what needed to be done and was very patient with the class. She also encouraged every student to engage in the classroom with boosted everyone confidence. However I think she could improve by making her teaching more visual or creatively teach UNIT, for example; teaching us how to write characters by using picture association	
1 	I think that NAME NAME is a fantastic teacher although I would really appreciate her correcting my pronunciation more often as I want to make sure that all my tones are correct. Overall she is a great teacher. Keep up the good work!	
0	Grammar should be focussed on a lot more in the lectures Casual style is great and engaging		
1 	NAME has probably been the most engaging and interactive teacher I have ever had. He makes class very enjoyably which makes learning feel a lot easier. It's a shame he isn't teaching 2nd year UNIT because it has been an absolute pleasure.	
1 	NAME is an amazing teacher: an absolute superstar of UNIT studies.  My main disappointment in my UNIT is that he will not be teaching Level Two UNIT.  I think he is a great resource to the university, with his experience and insight into the language and culture giving students a unique experience in their learning.	
1 	Good teaching in the lectures and tutorials.	
1 	I was so pleased to be able to spend my entire first year of Chinese with NAME, he has been one of the most energetic and engaging teachers I have had during my entire 19 years of schooling. The stories he tells are excellent, he often tells funny anecdotes or explains the connection of the topic to Chinese culture in an interesting way. If anything could be improved it would simply be having more classes and seminars with him.	
1 	Amazing! Very knowledgeable and understanding of student's different levels of understanding.	
1 	Approachable, friendly, encouraging and helpful	
1 	Good teacher, easy to understand, marks a little harsh but thats okay.	
1 	Incredibly supportive and gave me the confidence to continue trying, rather than being discouraged.	
1 	Provided good assistance for our learning.	
0 	NAME's teaching is too slow paced, belabouring the minute points sequentially, when I learn better when I have a whole concept, and then fill in the details.	
1 	This teacher is very thorough in the way that she introduces new material and assures everyone understands the grammar through very simplistic ways which allows students to use it in complex and sophisticated ways.	
1 	NAME's teaching is just the right pace for me.  He keeps the topic moving, and makes sure everyone is keeping up.	
1	Fun and passionate tutor. Definitely has delivered a great learning environment.	
1 	Approachable, friendly, encouraging and helpful	
1 	She provides helping hands to students who were struggled.	
1 	all good	
1 	she is good teacher,and she alway help we finished work	
1 	A high level of support from the teachers in this difficult level, NAME was always happy to help and advise when required. Overall, an excellent unit and an excellent teacher.	
0 	I don't think it is a useful allocation of time to spend the first 20 to 30 minutes of a 1 hour class singing a LANGUAGE which holds no relevance to our course work and is not graded in any way. Too much time was wasted on this and other irrelevant areas throughout the entirety of the semester.I can respect that learning the cultural aspects of a language is valuable but if a teacher wants to teach that, they should offer extra optional classes and not expect students to waste class time.I believe more time should be spent on learning the actual content and applying it in conversation.	
1 	NAME is a very passionate and eager teacher; this is evident in the way she teaches and her genuine excitement of seeing us, her students, learn. She provides useful powerpoints with plenty of information which were helpful to look back on and study. She was always positive in feedback but provided correct amounts of criticism to ensure improvements were able to be made. Chinese is the only subject I've done where I believe my assignments were given back to me in an incredible time. This helped me to learn and improve weekly.	
1 	Thanks for the last minute correction for my drafts and questions. (^_^)	
1 	Very engaged with her students. Great with feedback. Always appreciative of learning efforts. Could not ask for anything more.	
1 	Very personable and supportive teacher.	
1 	NAME was only teaching at Waurn Ponds for 2-3 weeks. Her classes were very similar to UNIT and was always approachable, even after NAME's return. It was a pleasure to learn UNIT from NAME.	
1 	It was great to have NAME back (Please don't cut her funding again)! We all missed having NAME in UNIT, and was pleasantly surprised to hear of her return. NAME was always approachable and very helpful. It was a pleasure to learn Chinese from NAME.	
1 	A responsible teacher	
1 	He is a very kind people, always can see smiles on his face.and he taught me a lot UNIT that I don't know	
1 	He is a very understanding teacher. understands my struggles and provides alternatives for me and gives me a lot of help.	
0 	No responsibility , so boring classes. Every class of him its just reading, not communicate with us, not teaching sth that useful. A junior high school student can do his work. I think the score of assignment are irresponsible, i and my team member working so hard but just achieve 65%.	
1 	Very responsible teacher for me, always being patient to every student.	
1 	nice teacher.	
1 	Extremely good teacher, taught us how to learn this unit very specific ways, after I learned this unit, I think I know more about Chinese translation.	
1 	Its a really good lady, her explain so many story help us understanding the translating, and know the translating history. That is professional teaching, and let me more like enjoy the process of learning. I m still dont understanding that y her not uni chair.	
1 	careful,nice	
1 	full of patience.	
1 	good	
1 	teacher very good and kind �make sure we can understand this subject	
1 	understanding teacher who understands my struggles and my lack of Chinese background. Provides me alternatives to successfully complete my work.	
1 	Helped students to have a strong understanding of the relevant words and sentences structures relating to the text book. The teaching was challenging but very useful in improving business specific language.	
0 	NAME was such a great teacher! She was very supportive and encouraging when I struggled with my Chinese language. I am very lucky to have had her as my teacher as she understood that although my Chinese abilities were very poor - I tried very hard to keep up with the class.	
1 	this unit felt like a 2 credit point unit and i felt that there was a really heavy load for a 1 credit point unit. Weekly assessment were really difficult and it is hard to find time to manage it to the teacher's expectations for a 5 NAME assessment.	
1 	Dr NAME teaches this unit very carefully. The power point prepared very well. She is concentrating on helping students to understand the knowledge points.	
1 	NAME is an excellent teacher. She helps everyone to deal with the difficulties	
1 	good	
1 	Brilliant lecturer. Knows how to present well. Is full of knowledge about the Middle East. He and NAME  are the best lecturers I have had so far at Deakin. They work well as a team.	
1 	By far the best lecturer I've had at Deakin, definitely motivates me to get to class every Monday and has had a huge effect on my passion for the UNIT and where I want to take my degree.	
1 	Great teacher, very funny. Enjoyed the lecturing style that he and NAME  had together. Made it really enjoyable to be in class. Appreciate the obvious passion and experience they have with this subject.	
1 	I enjoyed NAME  lectures very much, he is obviously very knowledgable on the subject and made it clear and easy to understand.  Loved the great rapport between NAME  and NAME and made listening to them both enjoyable via the cloud.  I have learnt a lot this Trimester and its due to both of the incredible tutors.  Many thanks.	
1 	NAME'S lectures were different to NAME 's but was good to break it up a bit. They compliment each other well.	
1 	Very knowledgeable, his puns make the content more memorable and engaging.	
1 	good teaching. good clear examples in lectures. easy to understand a tricky and complex subject.	
1 	very humorous and makes learning about UNIT enjoyable (which I would have thought to be an impossible task!) look forward to more lecture from NAME in the future	
0 	Amazing teacher and lecturer, always engaging and insightful. Loved the first hand experience and stories. Thoroughly enjoyed coming to every lecture. Only note would be that she speaks very fast and trying to get everything down got messy at times. Would have liked to hand write notes but needed to type to be able to get it all down in time.	
1 	Brilliant lecturer. Knows how to present well. Is full of knowledge about the UNIT. She and NAME are the best lecturers I have had so far at Deakin. They work well as a team.	
0 	I enjoy NAME 's lectures as the content is very interesting, I would only suggest that a bit more information be provided on the power points slides as sometimes it is hard to keep up especially with the spelling.	
1 	Knows the content, aware of time (as in, there is limited time available during lectures - makes sure everything gets covered to the relevant depth and understanding)	
1 	No issues. NAME  clearly explained how to plan your units to achieve a major which was very useful.	
1 	Quality of teaching and the course in general was excellent. The simulation was a great way to learn and i absolutely loved the unit	
1 	NAME  is a fantastic Lecturer. Being a smaller lecture it was very engaging.	
0 	NAME  is great and really knowledgeable but needs to slow down sometimes, I can't type that quickly	
1 	NAME  is the best. nothing to change here.	
1 	NAME  was a great tutor and I enjoyed listening to her lectures via the cloud.  She was interesting as well as incredibly easy to understand.  NAME  made a very difficult subject easy to comprehend and was very clear in what was expected from the unit.  Also, I have to say the Resources LIst was amazing and I enjoyed reading & watching some of the extras.  Only criticism is the SIM, although I understand is great for the younger students, for myself felt out of my depth with the volume of emails expected was huge when you work long hours and have a family.  Many thanks NAME .	
1 	good teaching. good clear examples in lectures. easy to understand a tricky and complex subject.	
1 	she tells it how it is. doesn't peak from a biased personal opinion and allows student to develop their own interpretations of subjects, key figures or events. She's relatively laid back in her teaching style (in the best way possible) and likes to incorporate humour in order to keep the 9am class engaged and awake. Overall shes a pretty cool lady and look forward to more of her units :)	
1 	Teaching was fantastic, I wish it was recorded so I could listen to the few classes I missed online	
1 	Easily relatable and makes an effort to connect with students. Provides a non-biased course on topics that have very biased sides. Every lecture was enjoyable and the content was always relevant.	
1 	Fantastic as always. NAME  and NAME  take no prisoners and do not put up with nonsense. This ensures that the time spent listening to their lectures is productive and enriching. By far the best lecturers I have had at university. They ensure absolute clarity in the assessment outlines and provide ample resources that ensure you do not have ask them lots of questions. It is very obvious what is expected of you in this unit as its all outlined. Having been taught by NAME  and NAME  over a period of about 9 years, they consistently provide an impeccable learning experience on all fronts.	
1 	He is awesome!	
1 	Insightful, balanced (given the delicacy of UNIT content)	
1 	NAME is a fantastic lecturer, he explains each topic really well and also remained neutral regarding the UNIT throughout the duration of the unit. As stated above, I believe this is an important factor when learning about such a topic, as it is delivered without bias or favouritism. I like the way that NAME delivers lectures as he provides all relevant information yet makes it enjoyable to listen to. NAME also structures his lectures in a chronological order of events which makes it much easier to understand.	
1 	NAME is an incredible lecturer and really cares about his students. I love how he thinks of students as his own after they take a number of UNIT studies units! I have been so impressed with NAME  dedication to this subject and I love how he and NAME  work together. They have both inspired me to apply for the UNIT study tour!	
1 	NAME is extremely insightful, passionate and hard working to ensure the historical conflict is given justice through this unit.	
1 	NAME is knowledgeable and enthusiastic about what he is teaching. He engages with the students and makes the lectures interesting. Whilst he does joke around a bit, he is also understanding when students have issues.	
1 	As a cloud based student NAME 's classes were clear and engaging, they kept me coming back time and time again through very text heavy and complex issues.	
1 	Easily relatable and makes an effort to connect with students. Provides a non-biased course on topics that have very biased sides. Every lecture was enjoyable and the content was always relevant.	
1 	Fantastic as always. NAME  and NAME  take no prisoners and do not put up with nonsense. This ensures that the time spent listening to their lectures is productive and enriching. By far the best lecturers I have had at university. They ensure absolute clarity in the assessment outlines and provide ample resources that ensure you do not have ask them lots of questions. It is very obvious what is expected of you in this unit as its all outlined. Having been taught by NAME  and NAME  over a period of about 9 years, they consistently provide an impeccable learning experience on all fronts.	
1 	Informative, clear and direct (no ambiguity), reasonable.	
1 	NAME  is extremely insightful, passionate and hard working to ensure the historical conflict is given justice through this unit.	
1 	NAME  is one of the most amazing lecturers I've ever had. Having studied both UNIT and UNIT Studies at Deakin, I can honestly say that I have not had a lecturer as passionate about their subject as NAME . The amount of time and care NAME  puts into her students does not go unnoticed. I only wish I'd focused on UNIT Studies sooner instead of Politics! Both NAME  and NAME have inspired me to apply for the UNIT study tour!	
1 	She is a fantastic teacher!	
1 	The teaching of this unit is incredible and enjoyable, NAME  explains each topic in a great level of detail and remained neutral - did not offer her views/opinions or appeared to favour one side in the UNIT for the duration of the unit. This is important when learning about two conflicting sides, NAME  provided equal information about each side which helped me grasp a good understanding of the unit. The way NAME  structured her lectures was very helpful as they were in chronological order therefore each topic flowed which made it easier to understand the timeline of events.	
1 	The way NAME  is able to connect with her students helps kept me not only engaged but made me want to strive to do better and actually attend lectures. If NAME  acted like most of my other lecturers I would have paid no attention. NAME 's ability to actually care about her students and give up her time to help helped me achieve better grades than what i would have expected in such a complex unit	
1 	Enjoyable and engaging lectures	
1 	I found NAME to be very patient in the way he taught. He would explain concepts in the language and grammar that learning easy.	
0 	Overall NAME is very hard to follow and does not speak coherently and in a logical pattern i.e. goes off on tangents.	
1 	very helpful! great personality.	
1 	Engaging and helpful with assistance in learning the language	
1 	very helpful!	
1 	Enthusiastic and very helpful in the lectures.	
1 	Organised and knowledgeable of the content.	
1 	Great teacher. Engaging and passionate meant that class and lectures were a pleasure to attend. Loved the content	
1 	NAME presented the material clearly and made us really think about the issues being presented.  He was quick to respond to emails or messages and addressed any issues promptly and fully.	
1 	NAME was easy to communicate with via the cloud and always answered questions quickly and in a timely manner. He was also very encouraging with student's ideas	
1 	NAME has been an amazing tutor for this unit, she plans seminars to help us understand the topics and to help us achieve the best marks possible. She encourages you to contact her outside of class times and is very responsive and helpful when you do. Her marking is fair and helpful, she always wants the best for her students.	
1 	NAME is one of my favourite tutors at Deakin and I'm so lucky to have had her as my tutor more than once now. Her classes are very efficient and informative and she motivates me to perform to the best of my ability. I am always motivated after attending her class.	
1 	NAME was a strong helpful teacher. She was clear and taught the subject exceptionally well. Would be a pleasure to have future units taught by her	
1 	NAME was a wonderful teacher. Always enthusiastic, caring, compassionate, knowledgeable and willing to make extra time for students. NAME is one of the best teachers that I have had so far in my five-year degree.	
1 	Very down-to-earth, easy to approach, made coming to classes less daunting	
1 	NAME presented one lecture for us which was engaging and informative.	
1 	The couple of lectures this teacher presented were structured well and organised in a way that covered all the relevant points for that week's information.	
1 	Presented information in an interesting and understandable way. Was very open to discussion in tutorials, and encouraged students to think further about the topics and develop their own opinions. Replied to emails efficiently and was helpful in answering questions about assessment.	
1 	Clear and engaging lectures, excellent use of PowerPoint. I really looked forward to NAME's lectures.	
0 	NAME knew what she was talking about but again her execution during lectures was not engaging at all. She read from a sheet of paper and did not provide coherent lecture slides/ppt notes.	
1 	I had NAME for some of the weekly lectures. She was really easy to listen to as she spoke passionately about the topic, making it engaging for students. She always had powerpoint slides, full of content that was related to what she was talking about. I really enjoyed her lectures.	
0 	Some lectures were not entirely structured well to understand the content, overall this teacher provided a good quality of teaching	
1  	Dr. NAME has been really helpful A1107in both lectures and seminars in presenting information clearly. His seminars were particularly helpful and it was an environment in which it was really easy to ask questions. He was also very helpful in the group presentations towards the end of the year and was quick to resolve any issues. He was also generally a very supportive presence throughout the year by being so approachable.	
0 	A good teacher! I wish we focused on the weeks material a bit more in seminars though.	
1 	Cool. And engaging. He doesn'??t use lecture slides, which at first frustrated me, but I came to later realise that it forced me to pay further attention, and caused me to take more notes. This was a big help in the long run. Kiethâ??s seminars were useful too. He helped allot on assignments and showed how to simplify the sometimes complex essay questions so we can get the most optimal mark. I really enjoyed his classes and look forward to his other units in the future.	
0 	During lectures, NAME would finish an hour earlier than previous History lecturers would finish.	
0 	During seminars, would have enjoyed more discussions.  For lectures, it would have also been helpful to have slides to accompany the lecture, to better understand the content.	
0 	During the lectures he did not put up any powerpoint slides, making it very difficult to take notes. If there were slides on Cloud Deakin, they were not in sync with his speech. During the seminars, NAME focused a lot on the definitions of key terms, but not much else, while this was ok for the students that knew lots about the topic, I found it very difficult as I didn't previous knowledge for topics covered in this unit, therefore I struggled. He would also focus a lot on assessment, but no spend equal time on both assessments and content covered in the lecture.	
1 	He was very good	
0 	I emailed NAME with a query in September as I was having difficulty accessing detailed feedback. I received the following response: Dear STUDENT, Please read ??Contact with Teaching Staff?? on the unit site before re-contacting me. Kind regards, NAME. Whilst I appreciate the unit staff are busy and are trying to guide students to the answer, it was a completely unhelpful response to a genuine request. I had to write back with a follow up for the same request for a proper reply. We are your customers; imagine if you emailed a service provider and received that response? Thanks	
0 	I felt NAME covered the content but went over it too fast. As he didn't use a PowerPoint it was hard to write down all the content he presented. Additionally I feel as if NAME could have gone into more detail . He often only used 1 of the 2  hours allocated for our lecture and I was left feeling like he could have slowed done and elaborated more.	
0 	It was clear NAME was well knowledged about all the topics we learnt about this semester however his execution of lecturing was not engaging. No lecture slides were provided which made it extremely hard to concentrate during class and hard to retain knowledge.	
0 	NAME is great. He is thorough and realistic about what students can / cannot achieve. He is quick to respond to discussion boards (huge benefit for cloud students) and points students in the right direction for more information. However, where there isn't a direct object for discussion posts (like go to XYZ for more info on ABC) then his posts can be quite vague which meant there was a lot of continued clarification posts. But these are minor things. I thoroughly enjoyed this unit and appreciate the hard work and teaching that NAME has put into it.	
0 	NAME seemed very unapproachable and had rather delayed responses to questions asked on the Cloud. Questions were answered bluntly or with non-specific answers requiring further follow up. Students repeatedly asked unit specific questions about their essay and were informed 'this is not a unit about essay writing'. Accompanying slides would have been a useful addition to his lectures which were interesting but often hard to keep up with.	
1 	NAME was a fantastic lecturer but I feel I would have benefited a little more if he had used the power point  during his lectures. As a tutor he was also very good and I really enjoyed learning from him.	
1 	NAME was an unhelpful lecturer and isn't interested in helping online students.	
0 	NAME was very good in both lectures and tutes. My only concern was his marking of essays in relation to referencing. He told us not to use certain parts of the Oxford referencing system (op. cit. and loc. cit.), despite it being part of the Deakin Oxford referencing guide. He requested the references be repeated in full for each use which is not in line with the Deakin guide or the Oxford system in general. It made the referencing very confusing.	
0 	NAME's lectures were alwaysa interesting and valuable. My only disappointment with NAME was that, as a Cloud student, I saw very little online discussion. When I did UNIT earlier in 2017, students often engaged in online discussion of topics. I felt that there was no real encouragement to discuss topics within the unit for this trimester.	
1 	NAMEs seminars were very entertaining and engaging throughout the whole trimester. The presentation assessment was an outstanding way to present the information we had learnt throughout the unit.	
0 	NAME's teaching style is problematic in that he has a strong aversion to technology and appears disenchanted with his position at Deakin. He said something along the lines of Deakin being inferior to other, proper universities in Melbourne at one point. He also made a blatant statement that the internet cannot be used for academic research, and that it's only good for cat videos completely disregarding the enormous amount of peer reviewed, scholarly material we have access to through the Deakin library databases and suggesting we instead restrict ourselves to hard copy materials.	
0 	Lectures were hard to follow as there was no supplementary supports used by Dr NAME. Found NAME much more engaging and provided a better understanding of how the information related to the topic.	
0 	Mr NAME, whilst I am sure has extensive knowledge of the World War periods, was the worst unit coordinator I have had in my near 5 years at university. I primarily chose to attend Deakin for its reputation in supportting working students who study online. However, interaction with Mr NAME proved to be the complete opposite, hindering my ability to submit satisfactory assignments. Furthermore, Mr NAME was unsupportive and manipulative via email on two occasions. I am currently considering changing majors or university in efforts to avoid studying under Mr NAME again.	
0 	Overall this was my most disappointing unit. I believe that use of discussion on the topics would have helped me to achieve better results and possibly a blackboard to explore topics.	
0 	Rude to students in forums. A cursory glance at the subject forums will show this. Returns work with not enough time to provide feedback for the next assessment task. Rude in email correspondence and did not abide by the uni's policy on extensions. Would not recommend this teacher for any units at Deakin.	
0 	The lectures that were presented by this teacher were not structured or informative enough and often finished earlier than expected while still leaving out key elements that should have been discussed. The seminars were also not structured enough and often the discussions were not about the actual unit and were instead led on to other irrelevant tangents that did not help my understanding of the unit or future assessments.	
0 	This is my last subject of my degree. At my three years at Deakin I have never found a unit chair to be so abrupt and rude. Yes, you may have the knowledge and years of experience teaching but you lack basic compassion and understanding.  I found myself in an unfortunate situation and the unit chair provided me with no support even if I was willing to get a stat dec. I would not be recommending this unit solely for the unit chairs attitude.	
1 	Topics were well managed. The class presentation was also well organised.	
1 	Very helpful, made class enjoyable	
0 	Very slow at responding to students. Hard to define what he wants from students.	
0 	While clearly very knowledgeable, NAME does not seem to have any true interest in the success of his students. He refused to answer questions outside of class regardless of urgency. In class he revealed that he disagrees with the way things are managed at Deakin and that he does what he can to do things his own way; often to the detriment of students who have selected Deakin because of its more fluid learning style. He complained about requests he's received from students, and mocked them, which struck me as not only unprofessional; but very unkind. Failed to use PowerPoint effectively.	
0 	didnt provide sufficent course material for an online student	
0 	some of his lectures were really difficult to follow, in seminars it seemed like we didn't actually go over any content	
0 	NAME did not teach my tutorial but he did NAME my assignments and i received the most thorough feedback from him, not only specific to the content but overall on my essay writing. I was able to apply all of his feedback and learnt things applicable to all my writing just based on his attentive helpful feedback.	
0 	Student's problems need to be given more attention, in the class, it would be helpful if he conveys his message clearly.	
1 	NAME was a good lecturer, although he did often go past the allotted 50 minutes and therefore made me have to rush to get to my next class on time. But that wasn't too bad. NAME made learning about history interesting and he is also a Tigers supporter so that's a big plus. GO TIGES!	
1 	I have thoroughly enjoyed and been engaged by all of the units i have done with NAME. The best teacher Deakin has.	
1 	NAME was always happy to answer any questions I had about the unit or further study/future employment and has been a wonderful teacher throughout my course.	
1 	Amazing lecturer and tutor, would absolutely love to have him again, very helpful and an extremely interesting to listen to	
1 	Brilliant teacher! Very engaging and always made sure to vary his information with anecdotes and facts from the readings that week.	
1 	NAME is approachable and provides good feedback to any issues students had in a prompt manner.	
1 	NAME is basically a God who knows everything there is to know about history. A great teacher and an outstanding marker who gives incredible feedback. He is by far my favourite lecturer and tutor at Deakin.	
1 	NAME is very informed on all aspects of the history taught. Confident he would be able to help with any questions I may have had	
1 	NAME was always very friendly, expected when the rules of class was breached. He had great patience with me to discuss about my work, which was very helpful. Overall, i think he is a great teacher and i really enjoyed the unit with his accompany.	
1 	NAME was fantastic! Incredibly knowledgeable - always happy to answer questions and expand on points.	
0 	NAME was great but at times I felt like you were just repeating what was covered in the lecture an hour before. Due to this I stopped coming to tutorials.	
0 	NAME is a knowledgable and clever teacher, however I honestly found his classes very boring and non engaging. I think if he used more group discussion rather than talking at us, I would have found them a lot more beneficial.	
1 	NAME was fantastic in providing further comment on assessments, which I really appreciated.	
1 	Dr. NAME NAME has been ready to help. Thanks so much.	
0 	Hi NAME, I would like to say thanks for putting effort into the unit. One thing that may help to improve teaching is using different visual aids in the seminars, as it often felt like we were repeating the content of the lecture. Apart from that, I enjoyed the unit and learnt a lot.	
0 	Very knowledgeable but as an off campus student would love there to have been tutorials as he often mentioned  in the lecture that this will be discussed in the tutorial	
1 	Wonderful tutor, very informative.	
1 	he's a cool dude	
1 	Her style of teaching is very clear and she is very committed to offer any advice and or help.	
1 	SHE IS WONDERFUL	
1 	NAME is lovely and approachable.	
1 	NAME although new to the university was a very good teacher, she went beyond the unit content and offed to allow us to explore our own interest 
1	she also was very helpful with any questions on assessments and confusions on content
1	i enjoyed her passion on the topics and good insight into what was sometimes tricky content	
1 	NAME was inspiring and captivating. Knew her content well and gave thoroughly interesting lessons. Loved that she provided time for us to talk and ask questions related to content. Was a great way to learn more about our UNIT.  She is a credit to the teaching staff at Deakin. Provided excellent, helpful and easy to understand feedback and explained what was needed for assessments. Just wish I could have her for more units.	
1 	NAME was warm, friendly and very passionate about teaching indigenous history. She created a relaxed learning environment, and encouraged all students to share their expectations and motivations for choosing this unit. I feel this is an important question to ponder and share with this unit in particular, and was personally very pleased to hear from other students about their expectations. Tia's mini lectures were great, and easy to follow. I found NAME's advice regarding essay writing very helpful in my ongoing efforts to produce work of an excellent standard.	
0 	I found the lectures to be boring and just a monotoned discussion from the slides. There was no motivation to learn	
0 	NAME a is a great teacher because of her extensive knowledge on the content, but I feel like some more communication was needed on her part. There was a week where she was away and it was never specified that there was no class, and no notices were sent out so there were students who travelled long distance for class. Some of these other students were confused on which week was off and missed the previous week and due to there being no communication online, they didn't know class was cancelled. She also left classes quickly, making it hard to ask her questions.	
1 	NAME a is an incredible tutor. I didn't expect to enjoy the unit as much as I have, and it is one of the best I have taken at Deakin. NAME a is very approachable and helpful. I hope she can teach me again.	
1 	Very interesting listen to everything you had to say about each weeks topics	
0 	Hard to get the reply from the unit chair. If I sent the email to she, sometimes she will reply and it might be days ago, and most of times, she will not reply. This really made me hard to know my mistakes hard to improve myself.	
0 	I spoke with NAME during the middle of this unit about what I felt, was the lack of communication from staff as to how to complete the assessments they were requesting.
1	I also spoke with NAME at feeling that all feedback I received was negative, without any positive words provided - she did apologise that she does normally try to provide positive feedback.
0	There wasn't any information on how to create the assignment, how to structure the assignment, what they were looking for regarding ownership of the language in the assignment, as in I summised.... was allowed, rather than always ref	
1 	Just wanted to say thanks. 
1	Enjoyed this unit, it was so informative and I am glad I took it.	
1 	This teacher provided well structured lectures that made it interesting to learn about and encouraged discussion in class. This however was only taught for one hour of a two hour lecture with the remaining being watching documentaries that while relevant, does not pass on information as well or is nearly as interesting as discussions.	
1 	NAME is a highly knowledgeable teacher and her passion for UNIT is reflected in the high quality content of the unit. She is considerate of individual student needs. NAME responds promptly to emails and provides helpful and considered support and guidance to students. I found learning experiences to be challenging yet engaging and NAME's quality teaching made this a fulfilling and enjoyable unit for me.	
0 	NAME is a lovely lade and clearly very knowledgable in this academic area, however I did not like her lectures or classes at all. She provided little lecture notes, talked too fast through a scripted lecture that we didn't have access to read, provided no opportunities for group discussion and showed us 1.5 hour videos in the classes. I hated this unit and only the interesting content, readings and assessments saved this class.	
1 	NAME was great - always available to answering questions for me (an off-campus student). This unit was my first look into UNIT and while at times the content was very confronting, I feel like I learned a lot.	
1 	Amazing teacher, really helped with all questions that were asked by students. Took consideration of students studying online, really great unit.	
1 	Excellent teacher.	
1 	NAME NAME was an effective teacher.	
1 	NAME has been very supportive throughout this unit.  He understands the pressures that an off campus student who is working full time encounters and is very reasonable.  I think he has done a great job in condensing the UNIT  into one semester.	
0 	NAME provided fascinating insights into this historical period which I found captivating. It's clear he is a pre-eminent voice in this area, and I found myself really enjoying the lectures and classes he facilitated when he unpacked some of the broader themes from the revolution.
0	My only criticism would be around the very first couple of minutes of a lecture or class, where NAME appeared somewhat flustered with technology or overly apologetic for classroom reservations.
0	The course outline was a little unclear also, and decisions regarding assessment tasks sometimes appeared to made on the run.	
0 	NAME was a good teacher. The only negative comment I would leave is that he seemed at times a bit unorganised in his teaching material. I think that the material on clouddeakin simply needs to be cleaned up a bit, as he provides far too much, without much direction.	
1	NAME was an excellent teacher who responded promptly to questions in the discussion and gave really great feedback on the test tasks in assessment. I feel as though a holistic look to the unit might have helped my understanding of the topic more however it's a vast topic and my mind is more suited to COURSE where that approach is more often used.	
1 	NAME was very well informed on the topics relating to the UNIT  and taught our his classes well. He was also a very pleasant person to discuss historical themes about the UNIT.	
1 	NAME 's lectures are of high quality and always interesting. NAME 's knowledge of history in general is extensive, and he was able to describe the impact of the UNIT's legacy on global politics which was very interesting. I really enjoyed this unit, and am very pleased that I was able to learn about this period of time in all it's glorious complexity.	
1 	NAME 's lectures were engaging, the unit content was planned and the readings allowed me to further my knowledge on the subject.	
1 	NAME 's teaching is fine. His lectures are well put together and engaging. He was difficult to approach outside of class, and was terrible responding to emails. More staff are needed to improve accessibility.	
1 	I think your knowledge for UNIT  is quite wide - however, given you ran out of time every single week you were never able to teach or communicate to us everything the unit has to offer. I thought the slides were good as they were short and concise, but a 1 hour lecture is definitely too short. Also, I think the layout of the tutorials weren't great. It wasn't always directly communicated to what we were learning and going over the quiz took too much time.	
1 	Much improved teacher, well done. Expected dry and dreary. Pleasntly surprised. Like your passion for UNIT. Cant really fault anything other than a minor aspect of lecturing. Instead of all slides, break it up. What i mean is have 4 slides then maybe fun little quiz on kahoot with questions like who was PERSON etc. Makes it easier to digest content and to ultimately retain it. Had fun, I am happy in this unit. Teaching: Very good. Content interesting: Yes. Unit chair understanding: Yes. Altogether v.satisfied.	
1 	Our teacher was patient and very passionate about the topics, however we seldom seemed to cover the information and events as outlined in the study guide.	
1 	While the quality of the teaching itself was good, he could improve by being more organised, as well as by setting questions for quizzes with answers that are not as ambiguous and open to interpretation.	
1 	i didn't do any of the lectures or tutorials so i can't really judge. but he was open minded and receptive on the discussion board so i assume he's pretty good.	
1 	NAME's manner of explaining concepts is easy to understand. His manner of telling history is engaging.	
1 	Was also very good, very engaging.	
1 	very informative and was interesting to have a second opinion in the second half of the unit	
1 	NAME is excellent at providing feedback and help when needed.	
1 	NAME was a excellent teacher who made it her mission to make the lessons interesting and effective.	
1 	It was good and engaging, I have nothing to add.	
1 	Thank you for your knowledge and passion	
1 	a great lecturer and an enjoyable class. the casual and fun atmosphere made the class very enjoyable and allowed me to understand the material much easier than a heavily structured class.	
1 	NAME a is a lovely teacher, this unit was different than I anticipated but the the content was interesting and NAME a was generally helpful in answering questions.	
1	NAME a,was awesome it was a true learning experience.. loved it	
1 	She explains things clearly and simply. It can be a bit hard to understand at times but she manages to re-explain things so I can follow.	
1 	The assignments were really interesting to undertake. I loved being able to take on a greater historian-like role for both essays/reflections.	